April 18, 2011
Interview with Mike Stoklasa of Red Letter Media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pc3tYXbUuV0
https://thatshelf.com/toronto-comic-con-interviews-part-one (archive.is/NMl0d)

MATT:
Hey, everyone, our Dork Shelf viewers.
My name's Matt.
I'm here with Mike Stoklasa, the voice of...Mike Plinkett?

MIKE:
Mr. Plinkett.

MATT:
Mr. Plinkett.

MIKE:
Harry S. 

MATT:
Oh, Harry S.

MIKE:
Plinkett.
Harry S. Plinkett, yes.

MATT:
Cool.
Popular personality and Youtube reviewer.
Or, well, not YouTube anymore.
You guys moved off of...

MIKE:
Yeah, I mean everything's still on YouTube, but we primarily do stuff on our site.

MATT:
Cool.
And you guys are just primarily doing I
would say sorry could not sarcastic but
very sardonic reviews of horrible
horrible sci-fi movies sarcastic is good
as well as sardonic Rob yeah it's more
like a video essay a breakdown
documentary definitely satire apotheke
it's a whole bunch of different things
all rolled into one thing it's a
character piece the character band's
performance art for the Worman sorry
yeah although I'm not really performing
it live but it is something like that I
guess take it to Broadway you'll do
better than turn off the dark did live
show live show would do great yeah
cabaret yes yes single review um you
guys started to off doing
peerless reviews I saw at least worthy
of the Star Trek next generation type
films those kind of met with you know a
great amount of success anyway we did
the for next generation reviews
generations first contact insurrection
and the feminists that one the one with
the horrible Picard clone what kind of I
guess inspired you to start doing these
reviews well the the very first review
is generations yeah I was a huge
next-generation fan as a kid you know
growing up and whatnot and when I saw
that movie in the theaters I just I
hated it yeah and it years went by up
until 2008 and I just decided to buy it
again and I watched it and I was just
like I remember why I hate this movie so
much so I had a lot of free time and I
just said you know I'm gonna make a
video about all the points you know cuz
it's hard to like really I get really
into stuff and it's hard to like do all
that in a conversation with somebody so
I'm just like I'm gonna make a video
detailing all the points about why I
don't like this movie or why I thought
it didn't work yeah and and so I made
that and I just made it for the
intention of just for myself just just
to do it yeah and so I put it on YouTube
and it started to get good rhythm yeah
it's hard to get momentum and people
liked it I was like okay I didn't expect
anyone to watch it yeah I really didn't
I didn't care and and then people
started saying like are you going to do
the first contact I going to do first
contact and so after they kept asking I
was like okay I'll do the first contact
and then I just started doing them and
getting more better more better getting
better at it as I went along
like with the latest reviews I guess the
one I kind of trust you I guess into at
least a lot of mainstream attention was
the 70 minute episode 1 review which was
pretty much everything I guess fans of
you at least I could have vote for do
you find that like your especially
compared to the earlier reviews there's
a lot more of the plaintiff character in
the newer reviews do you find that like
that's how your Styles kind of shifted
towards um yeah well for me I think sort
of like just come from a small idea and
then they just sort of get out of
control and I don't really have like
this long-term view of things like the
blanket character originally I didn't do
it in the blanket voice I did in my
regular voice and then I was like why
don't I do this in a character voice it
might make it more interesting and then
like I threw the bid in about how his
wife was dead and she doesn't know
anything and then that was the first
wife bit and then I started like okay
well how did she die maybe she maybe you
know put her through the windshield of
the car and and then like that kind of
evolved and unlike the thing with um
with Nadine in the basement it was just
supposed to be he pans by and we see
someone tied up in his basement and that
was a joke and then that turned into
like this whole storyline yeah so I like
doing the live-action bits I like doing
the planket stuff it it's a balance for
me because if I just did a whole video
about the review I would probably get
bored with that especially seventy
minutes it's a long time to have without
you know interspersed with anything
if you throw in a weird cat sex tape
clip right in the middle it why not
totally friendly and like I think that's
what if you think about the kind of
having to posted in parts you know it
does you a favor to because it breaks
things up into easier to manage pieces I
guess um so I guess you do have red
letter media is just like the company
kind of behind it the branding behind it
do you find that um do you find that
like the plane get reviews of helps
focus on your other work oh sure yeah
definitely like if you wanted just
telling us a little bit about your other
projects yeah well I mean I started red
letter media in like 2004 when I lived
in Arizona at the time and I did a lot
of concerts and stuff like that then I
moved back to Illinois and me and Jay
we've always done short films for many
years
features comedy things like that so yeah
I mean the the attention to the website
has certainly helped everything else you
know there's a large contingency of
people that just want the blanket
reviews and I was going to ask is there
like a pressure to kind of like you know
even you know continuing to produce the
plinky reviews even though you know you
might want to move over to other
projects yeah it's certainly a pressure
right I mean it but I like doing those
yeah and you know what though like I
always say this like I started off doing
them just for me and I don't really
listen to what everybody says because
everyone has an opinion about what you
should do which way she should go so I
mean you know you want to keep people
watching your stuff you don't want to
drive everyone away but at the same time
you kind of want to do what you want to
do you don't want to like I'm forced to
make you know an Indiana Jones review
and I don't really want to but everyone
wants it I won't do it if I don't want
to
like while we're here at the Toronto
Toronto Comic Con how kind of important
has been like you know the social media
Facebook that kind of stuff for you know
almost promoting your your product
because like we're here we're here and
you do guys do have a table and
everything but it you know the internet
almost acts like a virtual convention
that like you know you're always able to
interact your fans so like how how big
of a deal I guess has been you know
social media and promoting your product
for us like we have a pretty popular
Facebook page and you know that in it
flat is fine by itself but social media
in general like these wouldn't be
popular without that because the Phantom
Menace was was Twitter tweeted Twitter
Roger an even I think well the first one
was Damon Lindelof who made lost and
Star Trek and then he knows Simon Pegg
and then Simon Pegg Twitter did and so
like that's what really got things going
and then of course other people Roger
Ebert and a couple others helped but I
mean I don't know I think Twitter is
like more valuable than like advertising
on television now I mean if you have a
ton of people it's a great way to
connect with a lot of people you've been
able to get like feedback from your fans
and everything through Twitter and and
stay connected and
exciting what's working what it's good
and bad yeah it's almost like instant
market research or instant like focus
group focus groups are what do they call
it one day they show movie ahead of time
to test audiences right
I mean it's after something's out but
it's like everyone has their opinion and
everyone says it so you're like okay
this is working this isn't you know and
you kind of weigh it in I guess but on
the other hand you find that like coming
to these conventions is good to meet
people face face to face
well like the one thing the one regret
is I've never seen my reviews played
before anybody so I've never seen like
people like laugh and enjoy it I've
heard about it through emails but I've
never seen like a crowd watch my reviews
so they're sort of like there's a
disconnect the internet you could reach
a lot of people but at the same time
there's a there's a wall you know where
there's no human to human interaction so
maybe there'll be a blanket Film
Festival one day and then we can film or
screen all of them back-to-back we're
screening something the Phantom Menace
review at a convention in Eau Claire
Wisconsin in April it's not going to be
a very big convention but so that'll be
the first time I've ever seen it with
with people so hopefully that'll go well
for you and yeah things will continue
but anyways thanks I want to say just
thank you so much for being with that
progress memory yeah yeah red letter
media review for door shelf comm check us out
