May 7, 2012
135 CPH PIX 2012 #6: Den ultimative "Star Wars"-hader
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKy43Kgv7wk

they'll come to Phipps TV you didn't oh
my god films TV what the hell is this
crap what is this Yohan God think he is
some kind of interviewer this is a bunch
of crap oh my god I can't believe I'm on
this show
this is embarrassment I gotta go now my
cat's hungry bill comes if Eames TV
Oscar making picks Film Festival a Viet
a be mental I'm feeling like a extra
vesnina Sudoku days Amamiya on picks
Sheamus is WWE punch from CP ho Peaks
Ponton Tico been fair festive including
believe in Hika episome lisanna pain
only program it's missing so sent to
film or nineveh mackanin
maxxtow class on some leaf reverse a
vignette and mill was pakka
stock lasso and men pay for YouTube
shows to a miss a DVD or they planned
and I can administer edit a new Star
Wars film some stolen saw and disabled
in hike a phenomenal of Valhalla video
and Melissa Stoke lasso has granted
virtual alias insuk a cesium automated
system and something awesome men also
for pounded soundly beasts like a holy
George Lucas's Mills tale minimally Star
Wars prequels we myristic low so he come
home where the cool mist or talent some
fatzke film school or dinner or travel
offense or see us in v2n minutes estamos
episode it they know surely Fianna some
blue visto no festival I didn't actually
have the idea to make reviews like per
se like I'm going to go out and start
making movie reviews it was just the
story goes I I bought Star Trek
generations because I hadn't seen it
since the theater and I hated it when I
saw in the theater so I it was like
winter and there wasn't a lot of work
going on at the time so I was like I
bought I bought it and I watched it and
I just had this like urge just to really
break it down about why didn't like the
movie and I didn't even really know that
people did that sort of thing on the
Internet like I didn't even care it was
just sort of a thing that it's like a
little project
working on and I didn't know or expect
anyone to really watch it you know it's
just one of those things where I was
watching the movie I'm like that's wrong
that's horrible that's wrong and I'm
just like I can't really ever talk to
anybody about this you know it's it's
like something that would never come up
in conversation in that deep level of
detail so I'm just like it just started
writing out a script for it and then
just started plugging all the points in
and making like a video Star Trek
generations is the stupidest movie ever
made but ruined everything and not just
Star Trek movies but everything I make
of a video review of this movie after
it's been out for like 14 years well the
truth is I've got nothing better to do
but I've always wanted to articulate all
the old points about what I hate about
this movie so let's begin shall we
over time it got more more of a method
to it over time it just basically starts
with me writing a script out and now I
add the points in and I think in the
first the generations review I did two
parts that were about 10 or 15 minutes
long and then I wrote the end at the
second one and I was like oh I have more
so I just I just continued on it was
really kind of a like a mess you know
but now it's like I'll write out a
script and I'll try and get the script
as tight as possible before I start
doing voiceover and then when I start
doing voiceover I'll usually ad-lib
stuff and then when I go on the editing
process I'll be editing something and
I'll notice a little something else oh
and I'll make a separate a secondary
script of pickup lines like a whole
paragraph about I want to add this about
you know Luke Skywalker saying this or
whatever little point that I come up
with so and then it becomes like a
refining process going back and forth
between editing and voiceover I
originally recorded it as myself and as
you can see and as you can hear I sound
like a boring asshole I'm just like and
I was just like reading and at some
someone being sort of like I don't know
just sort of just it's monotone kind of
boring and I was like well let me do it
I did in the character voice that my
friend rich and I had had used before in
earlier short films so is it's this
voice that's kind of fun to improv with
and so I was like oh I'll throw this
character in and I'll do it in the
character voice and it was just sort of
seemed like a natural natural
progression or a natural thing to do now
okay this this adds a little level to it
you know it makes it funny this is the
first point they should've ditched Jar
Jar this is also the point when the
movie starts to officially fall apart
this is the moment when the Star Wars
saga is now damaged totally beyond
repair collapses and common sense and
logic begin to compound on the movie and
now it is broken I could end this review
here but I'm really just getting started
well it's astonishing of course how
popular these these were used got
millions and millions of hits have you
been to surprised yourself by the
popularity oh yeah yeah something I did
not expect at all it's it's still
strange to me it must also be sort of
surreal have you not flown to a film
festival in Copenhagen the almost the
other side of the world to talk about
these films huh we're surprised when you
got that call I was surprised yeah I
said are you sure you want to do this
because I looked at all the other films
I looked at the website I was like this
looks like a good like a nice Film
Festival like a highbrow artistic Film
Festival are you sure you want to play
this get out and he's like yeah yeah all
right is it cuz there's so there's a bit
of you know juvenile humor a lot not
just a bit you know and it's it's not
for everyone I mean I can see the appeal
of the reviews themselves like the I
mean it's one of the things that I
intentionally tried to do
was the the mixture of comedy and
information it's like going back and
forth you know you give the audience a
little bit and then you take it away and
then you give them a little bit more and
you take it away it keeps them
interested and keeps them watching for
70 minutes or 120 minutes or whatever
but I the universal appeal like I was
one of the things like Jay was talking
about with me about this festival he's
like music is that humor gonna translate
you know like to to like an audience you
know I mean I know everyone here pretty
much speaks English very well but you
know it just seems like people in other
countries like people I get emails from
people in like South America they want
to translate the reviews to like Spanish
and and Portuguese and stuff and I'm
like okay go ahead you know I thought is
it still funny or with Portuguese
subtitles I don't know that part that
part I don't but I guess I don't know
maybe it's the everyone universally
understands the Star Wars movies maybe
that is something to do with it because
those are the most popular ones
though the film is called the Phantom
Menace and by the nature of the story
there is no clear villain hey idiot
you're not making the usual suspects
here you're making a movie for children
rise you beam Johnson up delegates of
the Senate a tragedy has
which started right here with the
taxation trade routes and is now
engulfed our entire planet in the
oppression of the how about a bad guy in
the movie whose motivation is clear come
on tear this ship apart until you've
found those plans and bring me the
passengers
I want the my Patronus in store for
Oxford eat a new Star Wars film had no
plan Leestown wants to look neat Oh
Stella Vic in he'd said he placed his
two closest yeah be well it's their
movies that I grew up with and and
that's what everybody says and I know
the whole like George Lucas ruined my
childhood angle but I think I think it's
that's like that's like a crutch that's
something that's something people say as
an attack because it's not just that I
think the original three were there
universally loved movies and they and
they can appeal to any audience and and
people say that about the new ones all
their just movies for kids and all that
stuff but it's not it's not necessarily
true I think they are bad movies you
know and that that was just kind of my
point was to kind of articulate why but
like you know I was inspired by the Star
Wars movies I've seen Empire Strikes
Back a million times as a kid and it's
like those three movies are just like
burned into my brain I know every sound
every edit you know everything about
them and it's not just because I grew up
with them or watching them because you
could watch them now and still like them
you can't go back and watch other things
that you watched his kids and they don't
hold up you know so and and I think you
know it's like certain movies are
timeless and and I don't think the new
three are and that's just sort of the
point it's just to articulate that
whose could have in the elbows to
leaffilter vo sensor convinced owner
films TV faint blood also / video video
poem deco the iTunes of vivos cardistry
