Mar 10, 2015
Vinny Interviews RedLetterMedia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVb2X3DvO20

what's up guys how's everyone doing
today I am here to do an interview and
you guys know who I'm interviewing this
is a very very cool day so if you don't
know who I'm interviewing these are two
guys from red letter media Jack and rich
and you know they do a show called
previously recorded live so we're going
to chat about video games we'll chat
about red letter media and we'll just
bullshit a little bit so I'm gonna give
them a call and we'll get started
hey guys
whoa how you know it good so you're live
with vine sauce and I'd like to
introduce you to I'm here with Jack
Picard
Picard and Rick Stevens absolutely sure
sure that's fine that's that's close
enough
Rick Stevens and all right mr. Picard
listen listen it's great to have you
guys here Jack and rich and I wanted to
I want to talk to you guys a little bit
about some stuff related to video games
and movies and you know the full
spectrum of what you guys do charger so
first off thanks again for agreeing to
this this is a very special moment for a
lot of people on the site believe it or
not I don't know why I'm just a shock
we're pretty much we're Schmucks but
thanks thanks for coming I appreciate
everybody who's glad yeah I'll tell you
what three Schmucks together in a call
it's it's gonna be it's gonna be great
yeah so my first question though I
wanted to actually kind of find out what
the impetus behind previously recorded
was like alright so it's a video game
show you guys discuss video games you
started with risk of rain right yeah and
how did this idea come about how did you
two start this uh I was just talking
with Mike we just wanted a you know
the side add another show and Mike and
Jay are absolutely clueless about video
games and I I am the only one out of
though they know the three of us who
knows anything about video games and we
tried like your tour dome - OH - um yeah
game station 2.0 and it was just me in
front of a camera reading like a review
I wrote and it was horribly awkward cuz
I'm just I'm sitting in the room with
Mike and Jan I'm getting like no useful
feedback cuz I'm I'm talking about
Batman Arkham Asylum and they're like
what uh what's an Arkham you know what
I'm talking about and it's just
uncomfortable we do - oh we tested it
out I I didn't enjoy it so we stopped
making it and then like I see you're so
later you know we want to try and get up
another show and I realized that Jack
has ditched the video games whenever
we're together we usually have a good
video game conversation so it's like you
know I don't why we try the video game
thing again unless I'm oh well you know
we'll bring Jack in I can you know we
can feed off of each other and have a
conversation yeah basically everything
we'd get together we'd have to tell Mike
and Jay to go away so rich and I could
talk about games and their eyes would
glaze over and so we just decided to be
a good idea to film it wait yeah I was
gonna say it reminds me a bit of half in
the bag with video games the way you
guys are just conversational and you
talk about the games no awkward pauses
no mic dressed in space outfits that's
it's pretty good it's pretty good feels
natural
yeah the reason it took a year after
game station to get another show the
reason we didn't start me and Jack right
away is because we were reluctant to
just duplicate half in the bag with me
and Jack we wanted to avoid that as much
as we could we wanted to be you know
fresh
somehow or something something different
but absolutely well that's why you know
we we shoot the show very differently
than than the other two shows on the
site and and we we try to we try to be
our own thing yeah I guess I guess
realities are different so it's that's
right there are something different yeah
sure I mean well the video game thing in
general it's completely different
but yeah the personalities are different
the way you approach topics are
different and you know Mike and Jay are
you know
they do segments in the house or in the
repair shop and you guys play video
games and you talk about them and you
keep it brief and it works it's it's
much preferable to Gamestation even with
all the production value that it had I'd
much rather see you guys sit on a on a
couch or in a table just talking about
video games it's it's better I do miss
the set I just I think about that set
dimensioning production value is just aa
production value hey zero is a number
tin foil and cardboard basically um so
well then you guys Jack and you know I I
was a chatting with you the other day
while you're streaming and you guys
ended up moving to streaming live on
Twitch how did that happen like what
what made you guys want to do some live
stuff I was just kind of an extension or
from talking about doing a show together
I mean I know streaming on video games
is pretty popular let's play type stuff
so I just think from the very beginning
we always plan to do streaming once we
started talking about previously
recorded actually that's that's one of
the reasons it's called previously
recorded it's so we can have the joke we
do the stream bits previously recorded
live it's it's beautiful and incredibly
stupid but it works mm-hmm we're getting
our footing we're getting our plea yeah
yeah every stream is a new set of
technical difficulties to to work around
but we we have a lot of fun and it's
just an excuse for us to dick around for
a couple of it's a game night excuse
yeah essentially sure and while you're
doing you have some fun make people
laugh a little bit that's what we do
here so it's for me when I saw it happen
I was like oh this is perfect um but the
thing is I noticed Jay Jay pops in a
little bit he knows a little bit more
about video games than Mike does so I
Mike there's nothing Mikey doesn't like
games he's he's a movie guy uh editing
stuff that's that's Mike's free time hmm
well I mean it's fun too I guess
sure I just it's it's just not his thing
mm-hm well being the video game guys
though you you guys
okay so you go live you get your stream
on Twitch and it's immediately pretty
popular because of red letter media and
because you tweet it and everything and
immediately everyone's like play Dark
Souls immediately you know that happened
to me too but I saw you guys playing
looks like you had some fun but I'm
curious how's the progress gone with
Dark Souls do you wish to revisit it or
you done with that or what's going on I
I may revisit it at some point but I've
kind of been too busy with other things
lately hi Jackie you played it something
I mean I it's I've been dipping my toes
and do it it's that was such a harsh
experience playing live in front of it
in front of a bunch of people and then
of course having everyone give us
terrible advice just just to troll us uh
Dark Souls was basically just the
audience trolling us yeah yep yeah I
tried to I was in chat I was like no and
it was lost in the sea of do it faggot
get good Brad I was like I was like oh
fucking shit Lord you're right out of
role yeah try jumping off the cliff I
don't I don't shy away from hard games I
know I mean is ancient history no but I
don't know if you remember Maximo goes
to glory on the ps2 I actually remember
that yeah everybody said that was
supposed to be the most difficult thing
ever and uh I'd beaten that game on one
life that's one of my proudest gaming
accomplishments
that's pretty good right I don't shy
away from our game hmm Dark Souls that
was just yeah I had a similar experience
to I played it for a while and then I
decided to stream it and suddenly
friends were not friends anymore um
people people from the chat we're like
you know then you're terrible and I was
like well you're here to teach me teach
me and I you know it's mostly good
advice but I got about eight hours into
the game and I stopped so good on you
guys if you're gonna continue they love
it everyone loves Dark Souls I don't
know it's you know it's like Dark Souls
XCOM dota 2 those are like those are
games that the people that that I look
up to in the gaming world those are the
games that they're obsessed with and so
it's like they have to be good and I'm
really glad we got we got a chance to
play Dark Souls I'm looking forward to
XCOM next
I'm very much looking for Dexcom because
I don't I don't suck at XCOM I'm teasing
an ex-con but I'm looking forward to
actually watching you jag struggle oh we
are going to name our soldiers after
people on the stream yes and they're
gonna die horribly Oh brilliant and it's
gonna be a marvelously and I'm sorry
already well that looks like it's gonna
be a lot of fun I'll probably be there
for that I'll try to check it out and
maybe you can kill me in a brutal and
glorious way as well
but Jack I wanted to mention you like a
lot of the same indie games that we like
on the stream
my favorite is FTL rich you like FTL
well right mother and Binding of Isaac
Jack that game I mean that game is just
amazing you got you played that recently
didn't you yeah last Wednesday we
actually played both we played FTL I'm
Binding of Isaac just because they're
fucking they're amazing games so is
there something about the mechanic of
you die you start over different set of
rules can happen you know different
scenarios different items different
enemy layouts is there something about
that formula that keeps you coming back
when when you only have one life to live
reading a game feels so much more
satisfying
it's like sounds like the back of a VHS
when you only have one life to live we
continue sorry one man's quest so man I
mean you play a lot of modern-day
shooters there's like a autosave
checkpoint every 30 seconds I mean you
know it's it's definitely an
accomplishment being like not that those
games aren't fun but I'm just saying
like an FTL when you get to the end boss
and you beat that end boss to the first
time that feels like a like an
accomplishment right there that it's a
shout out loud moment yeah yeah
absolutely and you know recently I've
been I've been going back to a bunch of
Binding of Isaac because I'm so hyped
for rebirth oh yeah and so I've been
going back to Binding of Isaac and I've
also been playing a bunch of 1001 spikes
and they're very different games you
know they're both very hard but but
1,001 spikes has a set path and you just
it's just all about learning the path
eventually you just get the timing right
whereas something like FTL or binding of
issac or risk of rain you know it's
about mastering the mechanics and and
maybe that's what draws me to those kind
of games where you get to learn the move
so well that they're second nature and
it's all that muscle memory and then
you're just playing not knowing what's
coming up it's it's more it's more real
does that mean is that a dumb thing to
say not the other the other thing with
like indie games in general - I think
out of that scene you're getting a lot
more creativity then you get out of the
triple-a title so III I know more than
more than half the games I mean they're
all kind of nondescript realistic
shooters and I've I've played that like
30 times now I'm ready for something new
and something different and and indie
games usually thrive by just having some
kind of crazy idea absolutely something
different yeah I totally agree I mean
that's the thing we'll get to III
definitely um that was a hell of a show
but some really really boring moments
but we'll get to that in a minute um you
know just to stay on indie games for a
second though yeah um you know you guys
played some like like thousand one
spikes for example that one is one of my
recent favorites is there anything
coming up aside from Isaac rebirth that
you guys are looking forward to in the
indie Department um
hyper light drifter looks super awesome
oh yeah definitely JA and also actually
someone just sent me a copy of it's
something that's still in early access a
nuclear throne oh yeah looks fuckin him
and you know I think actually both are
kind of like twin sticks join stick
shooters which is just a genre I like
but you know nuclear throne looks really
awesome and so does hyper light drifter
yeah nuclear throne I have a copy that's
a good game that's a lot of fun really
balls hard though so yeah that one's
that one's cool actually we went to pax
this year and I we interviewed um Rami
the guy who made that and yeah he
doesn't take any shit he's just like a
no-nonsense guy with a no-nonsense game
it's like okay well I guess I see his
personality in his video games but um
yeah that one's really good highly
recommended um oh yeah I see sexually
someone in the chat is mentioning
cuphead I I don't I don't know anything
about the mechanics of cuphead I can't
tell you what kind of game it is I just
want to play because of the art style
that game looks awesome well that's a
good thing too go ahead rich sorry oh
that's fine I mean uh it's it's tech
header I guess it's technically an indie
game I know uh star citizen's coming out
the porcelain what's the wing commander
guy oh this is Kickstarter project hmm I
guess that's the the indie project I'm
looking forward to though the
Kickstarter funding that guy I don't you
can even call it indie at this point
dollars you see the way that game looks
holy shit I haven't seen much about it
other than I just like I read that it
was coming and it's been so long since
I've played a space flight sim I don't I
don't care what it looks like well
that's you know that's gonna transition
to e3 when we talk about no man's sky
you know but um yeah in terms of just to
finish up on indie games though yeah
there's a lot of creativity
just on a side note I've been told that
Edmund McMillen is a big fan of red
letter media so you guys might be able
to link up with him I interviewed him
twice he's a great guy and um I could
probably pass something along if you
want to chat with him one day or
something we had it we've had a couple
of correspondences he gave me a little
shit because I wore a binding of issac
shirt on one of the best of the worst
episodes but apparently it wasn't an
official binding of issac oh and I
didn't know this and so he he tweeted at
us and gave us some shit for that
unfortunately but he seems like a good
guy horrible person I am Jack know worst
sold that shirt is a horrible person for
infringing on copyright material Wow
um he'll get over it yeah I'm sure he's
fine so yeah I was gonna ask Shoji
Tabuchi say he releases a ten hour
concert video right
do you watch the 10 hour concert video
or do you attempt
Finnish Superman 64 in one sitting well
if you guys could choose what would you
choose only one of those two things is
possible Choji absolutely show you show
G zero for show GG oh geez a beautiful
musician oh that's beautiful man a
beautiful man uh-huh
why can't they make a decent superman
game i don't why is it so hard it's it's
the same with Wolverine it's the the
rules of the comic books mean that
they're invincible so you can just
almost listen that's the thing that you
play that up you just make a game where
you are invincible and you can just
destroy shit you do it you do it like a
whole cult omit destruction style and
you get I think that's the whole thing
but Superman is just power and control
hmm and it seems like in like Superman
games for some reason you get like die
in three hits you can make it the anti
Man of Steel game where you have
ultimate control you can destroy
anything but if you kill a civilian you
lose the game sure sure so you have to
figure out a way to to save the day
without killing any innocent civilians
call it tough an time Man of Steel it's
like a formula all you have to do for
consume it just make the player feel
powerful
sure and then you've got what makes
Superman interesting in a game but you
know this is it we're gonna go terribly
off-topic here but I don't care please
uh this is actually my problem with
Superman in general is why Superman to
me is a pretty weak character is he all
he's all-powerful
well that's except for if you have a
rock next to him that's fine but I'm
saying the people who are Superman is
their fans they're fans of that just
invulnerability yeah just let the player
be invulnerable that's that's what a
Superman game would be just play goat
simulator it's the same thing it's like
the way it's like Arkham Asylum they
made a game that let you feel like
Batman Arkham Asylum is good because
it's it's like the quintessential Batman
experience they they played up the
detectives the villains of great
dialogue it feels like you're Batman
sure you're yeah it's got stealth
elements I mean the thing with the
Superman Britch you bring up a good
point though it would be difficult to
get a Superman game going because I mean
even the people that make the movies
don't really fully understand Superman
you know Man of Steel everyone's flying
into buildings and people are dying in
the
thousands and superman's just say
whatever yeah Man of Steel was an
excellent Hulk movie he's rich
it's true very true it's a good point
it's that oh man that movie was just a
steaming hot mess oh well to get back on
track for video games let's go straight
into e3 sure you guys did a previously
recorded video about e3 and you brought
up some good points and you know as you
mentioned rich you just the triple-a
stuff bored you to tears Jack did you
yes did you feel the same way like were
there any Triple A games that both of
you guys would agree looked pretty cool
it's not from Nintendo let's let's let's
keep it yeah cuz Nintendo yeah I know
you guys were pretty cool about Nintendo
and I'm also super hyped about anything
I saw sure it's it's one of those things
where you know we recently got a chance
to play our next episode is going to be
on titanfall and playing a big-budget
game on a console where everything runs
smooth and looks pretty is awesome and
not having to worry about you know like
lowering your pixel density ratio or
configuring mouse controls it is really
a nice thing and so like what was the
what was the old one where you were
hunting a vampire werewolf what was that
one is that new order uh something like
oh these order V order yeah the order
looked like fun like the destiny but
these things all look the same at this
point it I think the problem hmm well
you know what one really pissed me off
and everyone has been I want to say is
is that like the division tom clancy's
that yeah yeah that looks lame as shit
technically it looks pretty nice
next-generation graphics sure and a
really interesting though impractical
looking map they brought the map up like
the hologram city pops up around you
whatever yes looks neat I'm not sure how
convenient them be using it no but it
looks like every other shooter out there
every other game is third-person shooter
yeah cover based and yeah and so I'm
sure if you are into that genre you will
pick one of these games and enjoy it a
whole lot
but it just offers know these kind of
games offer no challenge to me you know
like they try to shoe hit a shoehorn in
a story and I don't give a fuck about
the story I want to play a game see it's
not even issue of a challenge or
anything to me it's it's more an issue
of I'm just I'm ready for something
different
give me a new angle on a game I've done
third-person shooters I've done shooters
I've done it to death at this point same
here
yeah I mirror the sentiment rich then
you have splatoon for example which you
turn into a squid so so Nintendo is like
well how do we make this different I
know
squid and then it worked it looked a
little bit different it was a little
interesting compared to what we've seen
it was colorful and people will really
hiked about splatoon I mean people
couldn't shut up about it for a few days
what did you think about that as a way
to take a genre and kind of try to twist
it a little bit it's got new ideas like
the whole paint like area control paint
thing that's that's clever and then you
know swimming in the paint that's taking
that clever idea expanding about it but
even if like the the brilliance of
splatoon even if you take away the the
cutesy art style let's let's say it's
just like a generic like everything's a
brown shooter right there is still a new
mechanic of if you put your weapon away
you can move faster and then you need to
decide whether you want to move faster
or shoot someone right which is not
something you see in online multiplayer
shooters so it's like a new even though
it's wrapped in this really cutesy art
style and you're using ink instead of
bullets there is a new idea in there
that could make for an interesting
challenge and so even if even if you
want to make a Space Marine shootout
where you put your gun away and you can
run faster it's something fucking
different I hope you know I didn't ask
you if I could cuss of course we started
oh no oh thank fucking christ
punching cocks everywhere don't worry
about this shit Christ there you go no
we're we're okay here with that so okay
yeah no worries
um but yeah I agree splatoon looked
interesting and it
it was something a little bit different
on the formula that we're so used to
seeing you know you guys did mention
some other games that interested you in
the video but let's let's go over them
again for a second so for example no
man's sky rich I know you're excited
about that I'm excited about that too I
don't have a ps4 so I probably won't get
a chance to play it but it is not a ps4
exclusive it's not it
you see supposedly right you don't we
heard that the according to the the
developer site they're not saying what
other system it's coming to but it is
not a ps4 exclusive so we can only
assume it's coming to PC okay oh it's
good news for me
same with Grim Fandango not a ps4
exclusive right okay
okay time though MIDI arrow yeah but
yeah no man's sky I mean I don't know if
they could pull it off if you if they're
gonna have enough variety in planets and
whatnot but yeah that just looked fun
unlike a lot of games at e3 that that
actually looked fun right it was
colorful it had a different angle the
technology looked interesting and it was
something that it's the purple elephant
for example you know you know what that
means no no I'm not you're just
referring to the weird animals in the
game there might be there might be a
purple elephant no it's a purple
elephant is I guess some it's a graphic
design like term where you know you see
a bunch of graphics you're like I pass
pass pass and then you see the purple
elephant you're like oh ah this is
interesting
yeah I think I got right purple yeah
yeah so for me that stood out I mean
when I watched the Sony and Microsoft
conferences I thought okay alright these
look alright but I've done with shooters
and I'm done with shooting people in the
face simulators for now um I got plenty
of them on Steam so I'm good with that
but then I saw no man's sky I was like
okay this looks good sunset overdrive
look pretty interesting um looks like it
has style like the game itself looks
know okay headrest header I don't know
but yeah it's nice to see something with
a sense of humor yeah yeah like note for
no-man's guy for me I'm really
interested to know what you do in the
game well
I know what your objective do you have
to hump the animals a zero I don't know
what the point of the game is all I know
is it looks really cool and if you
actually have the ability to get in your
spaceship
fly into a space battle go to another
planet hang out with some animals get
back in your ship and fly into another
space battle without any loading screens
it's gonna be brilliant right yeah yeah
yeah and the very Lisa will entertain me
for 10 hours sure right railings right
and yet then we'll go back to FTL and
put another 50 hours into that it's it's
bizarre I just upgraded my computer and
and I find myself playing fucking
spelunky and FTL and it's like what was
the point um I got I got FTL off of Gog
so I have no idea how many hours I'm
gonna do it oh my god yeah probably a
lot I know it's a ton I've got like
everything I'm wha sure it's bright way
more than me I have to you like but then
oh and you know you bring up spelunky
that was one of my favorites I got
spelunky on my Vita and you know these
kind of games you just the the challenge
it takes over your life where that's all
you start thinking about and you go to
the wiki's and like oh maybe I can do
this and you want you start watching
Let's Plays oh this guy did this I can
do this now and you know maybe it's just
like the the further faction of the
gamer of the gamers where it's like we
just kind of choose our path and that's
all we're gonna pay attention to but you
know like I will take a spelunky over
any triple a bland shooter just because
it's a challenge sure it's like totally
agree much budget alone is not a
guarantee ever gonna get agreed and
sometimes you know too many cooks
I'm just the anecdotes are just flying
today Jesus but too many cooks in the
kitchen you know you you spend so much
money on a game and you just end up with
this blah mishmash of everyone's ideas
on what will sell the best product like
everyone's high on destiny I've got to
be honest it's just Borderlands with
realistic graphics and some good
technology behind it and it's it's not
doing anything for me I've got to ask is
the only reason anybody is hyped about
destiny the fact that Bungie is involved
is that yet it seems like it may be the
chat will have a different perspective
and also
- you know it's currently the most
expensive game ever made like even
beyond GTA I believe it's I think they
said it was something like half a
billion dollars to make destiny no
kidding that is don't quote me on that
comment I do I hope it's a great I hear
it's a horrible thing to say but there's
movies there there's a there's a graph
in movies with like movie budgets over
time and it's a way of you know and and
certain that at a certain point movie
budgets hit an all-time high and you
know you get like three and a half hour
epic masterpieces of movies and then
everyone says fuck this I want more
small movies I think the wave comes back
down so I think we're at that point in
gaming where we need to come back down
its earnings have a very good point
if you get a few games it cost a half a
billion to make that tank you
what does everything just become indie
games at that point yeah happens then it
goes down and we get we get some
decently mid-range games for a while
then everything goes indie and then it
starts coming back up and then we get
the the ebb and flow of it okay
I'm interesting that's that's a good
perspective Jack I don't know really
what's gonna happen you know but I can
tell you that a lot of the audience here
on vine sauce isn't too keen about a lot
of these games that they're trying to
shove down our throats you know some of
us are and I might even get the division
for example just to see what it's about
and I'm from New York so I want to see
what's going on how well they modeled it
sure you know go to hook-and-ladder
it never made a Chicago game yet I keep
waiting they have rich watchdogs it
really yeah it's Chicago it's a small
Chicago but the beam is there and you
got the fucking Navy Pier that you can't
go inside and it's just like a miniature
Navy Pier that's garbage and the rest of
the game is just boring as fuck I got a
free with my graphic card seriously I
got the game for free with my graphics
card and I put four hours into it and -
were solving technical issues on my
brand new graphics card and then the
other two were just me exploring and
getting bored and and that's a shame but
I love Chicago is a beautiful city and
they they underutilized it doesn't feel
real I remember that like the hype for
watchdogs was so real and
remember like everyone was talking about
watchdogs
until the hour that came out and then
everybody stopped yeah cuz yeah everyone
got real bored real fast yeah I have to
admit here I've seen like the the ABS on
Steam more but I know jack shit about
watchdogs I don't know anything it's GTA
where you can hack people and see if
they're pedophiles or not well I just
sounds creepy it's weird but it's not
bad I mean it's it's it's alright it's
common it's supposed like a like a like
a techy justice porn kind of thing where
you know like you find the bad guys and
you take them out okay but it's yeah
yeah it's just slow and dull I would say
if you don't know what it is rich pass
just at this point just passed but if
you really want to see a modeled Chicago
in an open-world game maybe check it out
somehow but you know you'll probably not
really feel like it wasn't it's not the
best game but it's okay
it's alright I'll pick it up on sale is
it yeah wait for the wait for a sale
yeah those two dollars right and then
you can drive around shake Chicago and
see that the beam is no longer
reflective instead it's just fluorescent
bizarre anyway so any other things from
e3 that excited you guys anything at all
just to finish the e3 chop um yeah that
was the one time I think I actually
cheered while watching all of it okay uh
classic classic LucasArts adventure
games made by Tim Schafer of Psychonauts
and urethane uh it's an adventure game
that came out right after the adventure
game genre like died so nobody played
this game and I just think it's a
beautiful little game it's got a
wonderful creative world it's got
interesting characters and nobody's
doing it and it barely runs on a modern
day system you have to like jump through
hoops look like grim fandago now and I'm
just I know we kind of cut this out on
our three discussion we talked a little
bit about remakes and how I feel about
remakes mm-hmm I actually don't mind
game gangrene bakes I see it as like a
form of game preservation sure and I
think it's a good thing when a game
like when van Gogh gets kinda like
preserve for modern-day future
generations sure it's like I know it
looked like I was mocking hallo to the
tree Bank yeah I don't I don't care that
they're remaking it I think it's great
for Halo fans it's just I thought it was
funny how one of the centerpiece
discussions for Xbox during e3 was old
ideas not just all the ideas old ideas
not touched we won't touch him I swear
to god yeah yeah the remaking it alone
that that doesn't offend me at all right
that's you know it's fine it's sprayed
for fans of the game sure there's
there's a whole lot of games I'd love to
be see be remain Jeff Jedi Knights oh
yeah some of the some of the early
Sierra Quest games would mind seeing
those again um you know Nintendo is
usually the ones that bring out the
remakes they brought out the Pokemon
remake um but you know everyone was
flipping their shit about that and for
me I mean you know everyone was looking
forward to the Majora's Mask remake on
the 3ds and that was never announced so
people were like huh we thought that was
gonna happen it didn't happen I'm okay
with remakes too if it's done well I
mean sometimes there's a little extra
content and I'm okay with that
it just depends really it depends on the
game depends on the developer oh sure
one singer I think we got off car alarm
going off and our our lawyer is it's
that it's that hack fraud Mike it's that
hack fraud like I don't know we're gonna
save somebody crashed into the front of
the building here give us Jesus give us
a give us one minute take your time okay
okay jack is you still on the line okay
so I'll just I'll just talk to the
stream while I'm doing that I guess
hopefully nothing went wrong with them
but while that's going on on the topic
of remakes our side of the audio is
gonna get real fun if you can hear that
beeping in the back okay can you hear
that it's and is flaut here but not at
all okay let's keep going then um
everything's good then everything is
good so what were we talking about we're
talking about remakes Majora's Mask
remake you know I mean depends
I've never I've never
never beaten majora's mask yeah and i
think i think i was just a little too
young when it came out to get its
brilliance i know it's it is considered
to be a great game now but it flopped
when it came out but so I'd be
interested in playing it just to see if
I could do it I'm going to admit to
being superficial here
I think the Nintendo 64 is one of the
ugliest fucking consoles they've ever
made and it's the place to go if you
want blurry blocky shit
and I have fucking yeah I always thought
that young link was like the ugliest
character model I've ever seen an
amazing character so that that is the
only reason I've never played Majora's
Mask and I feel bad because people say
this game is great and it's a really
superficial reason I've tried it we just
got an n64 we'll do it on the screen Oh
it'll take a while you guys might um
have some issues with it
early on it takes a little while to pick
up but um no I kind of agree with you at
the n64 it's tough for me to replay in
64 games which was the Mario Kart game
that just came out there they did four
and 64 levels they upgraded them made
them look nice so I was happy about that
that's the kind of stuff I like to see
remade you know I don't I don't
necessarily need to revisit halo 2 or
anything like that you know I'm sure
some people love it but um you know if
you can preserve some cool stuff like
that then I'm okay with it but um again
like I said it depends on the game yeah
so I'm gonna change gears a little bit
here I switch gears I'm gonna I'm gonna
ask you Jack yeah
why did you break the wheel which gives
you life what why did you why did you
smack the wheel of course they're like
it isn't Russian I think it's like a kid
pretend to eat it by jar okay we're
gonna get a little real talk over here
real talk Real Talk on the wheel talk it
Jack does not like the wheel of the
horse I oh my god ia III think it's the
dumbest idea and I love best of the
worst I love watching old bad movies and
making fun of them because like I get it
you know I understand the
structure of what a movie is supposed to
be and so it's you the jokes come but
the we love the worst when we watch just
this dumb shit they had me the first
wheel the worst I was on we did the key
matters the latchkey kid video and we
did some other bullshit that I forget
and I honestly had the worst time ever
and so I just didn't come back for any
other wheel episodes because I thought
they were dumb and here we needed to get
this episode shot and I was the only one
available like it was like okay Jack
just come and I was and it was after we
watched um what did we want first that
was clear for takeoff airplane yeah I
was after was cleared for takeoff which
sucked my ability to live from my body
and so you know it was just I wanted I
was really hoping I broke the wheel so
they wouldn't have to watch each echo
the wheel I mean theme is appropriate
it's all about the gamble it's all about
gambling and you know you get some get
some whammies on the wheel like butter
for takeoff but every now and then yeah
you hit a jackpot like SOS or tales from
Genesis space well not that's the thing
this that last episode taught me to
respect the wheel because we got to see
tales from Genesis space and we got to
see SOS which was I mean you saw it's
brilliant si is amazing so now I know
now I know to respect the wheel now you
know but you know I'm really I'm proud
of you that you you tried and it's it's
preserved it's preserved it's on film we
we brought out a bunch of hot glue and
we put the wheel back together and all
of its glory it is still functioning so
I did not do a good job of breaking it
but man it's barely functional it was
barely functioning to begin the thing
with the wheel is I I designed it
specifically to look like a piece of
shit oh you mean yeah Aaron Chilton it
looks lopsided and the problem with that
though is all kinds of balance issues
with the wheel we got to be careful
about like tapes go on what side so we
get a fair spin out of it yes sure oh
it's just well just those are tough
those are wheel of the worst episodes
are they're tough to be funny
you know yeah I could see the airplane
one was tough Mike was was stretching a
bit he was like well there's two ways
you could make this and they didn't do
either right and I was thinking like
well he's got a good point but I can't
see really a whole lot else but I'll
tell you what rich that prank-call -
Fred Levine was fantastic he never got
back to you did he you never called back
earlier I think I think my plane crash
ha ha ha ha I will never be able to
recreate a moment like that ever again I
don't know where that came from that was
so beautiful right it was it was I
didn't know Mike was gonna shove the
phone at me so that that just all
magically came out of my mouth it was I
mean they I think there was an edit but
there was no time like literally my
called we found out it was it was Ted
Levine and he handed the phone to
Ritchie there was there's no there was
no extra space to think of a bit there
rich did that off the top of his head
and it was pervert oh my god that was so
funny do that yet again and it'll just
be a lot done and that's what's but
that's what's great about you guys
filming this stuff because you know
you're able to get this stuff if it's a
good moment you have it you don't have
to recreate it it's there
and it was great I was a good episode
that's why we've only like done movies
that we've never seen before cuz you
know you never know what what's gonna
happen yeah sure
rich I have to I have to talk about your
laugh for a second sure and the reason I
want to talk about your laugh is because
one of my videos made it to a website
recently and well no I want to read this
to you ok uh someone said that I had the
most annoying laugh in the universe huh
and then another person said his laugh
is glorious it's just behind rich Evans
in terms of annoying so for me that was
a very interesting moment um you know
it's it's it's it's been she like it's
it's it's a whale almost my laughs but
my question is you know you have this
laughs some people love it some people
hate it very similar to Ricky Gervais
and I mean you mentioned while you were
streaming one day that you can't like if
you try to laugh you won't be able to
recreate it I
did try cuz I don't I don't know if
you've seen it Mike did like that United
States of no documentary was talking
about the the end of Revenge of the Sith
the story is that when Revenge of the
Sith was playing in theaters uh-huh Mike
and Jay actually kind of dragged me
kicking and screaming to see it I was I
was done with Star Wars that but we saw
the theater and the end of the movie
comes up and and when Darth Vader rips
out of the chair like Frankenstein and
says no I started laughing hysterically
in a crowded theater full of people and
I kept laughing until the credits roll
like I could not and and Mike wanted to
get me laughing on camera just so we
could show people what it was like in
the theater and I know I could not do it
I can't recreate that laughs that is my
natural laugh and I I just go go I just
go all in with my laughter mm-hmm I
respect that I think most of most of us
respect that here on the site because
they have to deal with it every day so I
I you know my shitty laughs so you know
what I say go for it and you're okay
with it you go all in you don't give a
shit right yeah no no Richard jovial
person and if he feels like laughing
whoo-hoo you to tell not to laugh I
fucking prick leave rich Evans alone oh
Jesus um all right well let me also
while I'm on the topic of of your laugh
rich I wanted to mention you know
blanket you know you you've played this
character for years and I mean this this
gets into the history of red letter
media and and the whole thing I mean
let's take a nose dive straight into it
for a few minutes
um so how do you guys know each other
and and Jack also how did you link up
with these guys as well how did this
this partnership of our letter media
begin they're all kind of met at
different times I I met Mike in high
school mm-hmm and then just kind of like
you know after school we'd hang out of
his parents house and he had a camera
and we just make stupid videos in her
free time because that was our hobby and
then later on there was just this
website called rewind video and a bunch
of different like amateur filmmakers
that
made movies would congregate there and
the only personal hung out there with
any talent was Jay bellman and and
that's how me at mic met Jane and we
start making stuff together and then
Jack I'm actually not entirely sure how
you came into the picture you you you
came into things up here in Milwaukee
when I was still living in Chicago
that's all right I just met I magically
appeared and you magically appear as far
as I'd go that's true yeah no and you
know I don't know how I how did I meet
Mike and Jay you know just friends and
friends we're both internet filmmakers
and so we just met because that's what
happens you you naturally go towards the
things that you like right and they
needed actors and I'm a terrible actor
but I you know I am okay with it with
anything and so they just like we need
an actor and I said I'm a terrible actor
but then they said oh whatever you'll
show up so we'll have you and so I
started out in their stuff and and then
yeah we just you know they helped me on
my shoot I help them on their shoots and
that's how we got started kind of a
boring I think the first thing I did was
the Grabowski I was framing hammer
that's that's early Frank hammer in the
grubaugh skis and and then I was in Jay
then had me come back for pork pork in
space which which I loves I love my
character in pork pork and whenever they
have me acting anything it's like okay I
want to be a good actor I won't be
prepared where's the script so I can you
know learn my lines and then go script
uh this is what you say and they just
tell me my lines right before they start
shooting the pancha hacks and uh you say
that but I recall you having be come up
to Milwaukee so you can film poop again
p.i with me ah and and I gave you a
script you wrote a script for something
called poop again pee I plug that out
about the detective that poops in his
pants yeah and my god that's brilliant
that was like I met rich a few times
before then and you know obviously
enjoyed rich a lot and I needed this I
needed a good actor for the character of
like the grizzled old chief of police
the first person you think
but grizzled old police chief has riches
returns absolutely and I didn't even
know you were in Chicago at the time
yeah because we we had not interacted
with each other a lot so I was like I
was like oh my can you know can can we
get rich and I have him come and do poop
again Mike's like sure whatever and you
just you came up from Chicago to act in
poop again what that's good people
that's good I was a letter that somebody
would actually want me to act in their
project and you were great
you were great in this shitty little
video oh that is good stuff
it may be um at some point I might
trouble you for some links to these
early works so that I can show the
stream at some point how you feel about
that I'm sure all of the red letter
media stuff is on is on the red letter
media site my son poop again - no no
pooping in his mine okay
and Mike it will not show then on the
red letter media okay I remember I asked
Mike I pitched I pitched poop again pee
I about the detective who poops in his
pants too - Mike and Jesse after a music
video shoot because I really like the
idea and I wanted Mike to play the
detective and and Mike very respectfully
declined saying that he did not want to
poop his pants real smart decision
really smart is okay nobody how many
people have we lost since we started
talking about poop no I wish we're
growing gaining we're gaining yeah we're
gaining right now according to twitch I
mean we have 1,300 people and there's
eight 50-inch a tango alone so that's
pretty good all right all right so but
let's let's move on though let's talk
about um well actually before I do that
I kind of wanted to mention Jack and
rich you were both in the Phantom Menace
review right when Mike when Mike was
like described these people like you
ain't never seen them before
yep and and Jack you were the one that
was like I see what you're doing Yeah
right
that was you yeah that was that was a
hell of a thing and you guys that was my
first exposure to rich Stevens as well
cuz rich
I didn't I had obviously most of us
didn't know about red letter media until
that review so I wanted to actually talk
about that for a second that was a big
break for you guys and from there it
opened a lot of opportunities for red
letter media and and for you guys
so Mike my question also goes to how did
you feel that Mike was doing a different
version of the character that you you
were I I know about I mean the Phantom
Menace review wasn't the first mr.
Plunkett review so star a Star Trek one
it was essentially the fifth one he'd
done he started with the Star Trek
movies yeah before I started doing those
sitting at ritm I'm using the legged
voice do you mind like that I don't care
it's a great boy and I really I really
don't care because employment reviews
have done great things
that's not sure sure mm-hmm yeah so
there's times like a fifth one the
Phantom Menace oh yeah and I and that
was yeah I think I was the only one who
thought it was gonna go somewhere I was
like Mike and junior and their third or
what I've enjoyed doing it but I don't I
don't know that they thought that Fame
would come from it but I mean no I mean
I I didn't have that much to do with it
until I saw the final edits I was gonna
get it looking at it from kind of like
an outsider hmm and I I saw you know
this is this is really entertaining you
know people might watch this it was
actually deliberately watch this it was
right it sits right there like in all of
his reviews are incredibly entertaining
even and I remember seeing the Star Trek
ones when they first came out just like
Oh Mike these these are fucking
hilarious
oh yeah but like I think the Phantom
Menace review road that infotainment
line perfectly where it was
entertainment but it also gave you
something you know gave you something to
mull over the script wise
characterization wise and so and I can't
imagine a lot of people think of them as
information but I don't know I learned a
ton from them I mean I'll just tell you
like when I saw them when I saw that
that first Phantom Menace review I
showed everyone mainly because the way
Mike was doing plank its voice it
sounded like an old friend of ours this
guy gambi yeah I swear to god that's his
name and he kinda he's deaf in one ear
actually deaf in both ears but two
different varying degrees and he's done
that voice that's his real voice so I
was like you guys need to see this
someone is pretending to be Gabby on
YouTube or wherever it was uploaded and
and then we actually really got into it
and then from there I had to show
everyone because it wasn't so much about
the voice it was more about you know the
stuff the content and then I found out
that rich you were in fact you know the
live-action guy that played mr. Plunkett
and that you had a different take on the
character Mike had a different take on
the character and you guys got when mr.
Plunkett showed up on having the bag
like it well it was started with the
revenge of nadine then oh yeah yeah yeah
well I'm not shocked that people didn't
like me except that point at that point
I knew that I was not the real pink
played' right homage was concerned sure
and I knew that once I wasn't shocked
that people hate well I mean you deal
with what you're given but at the same
time like you know rich now that it
there's been distance between this
Phantom Menace review and and now I mean
you are the planket let's face it you
know people people that watch these have
in the bag things and see you that
you're pretty much now at this point
it's it's yours again I feel that's just
my thing yeah you can say that but I
don't think so there's every every day
we see comments once ones to the next
plank in review I don't I don't think
the audience's forgot what are you
talking about right I've never seen
those comments
ever asks for the next planket review
what is your crazy town Oh crazy town I
know and I think is an official can and
now you'll have to remind me because I
don't watch half in the bag a lot yeah
laughter memory isn't official canon
that there are two blanket we did an ad
where we explain that there are two
plates oh I see yeah well it isn't in
one of the environment bannon's not
important Canada Canada I mean it really
Canon is important to me didn't I
thought had the Emperor showed up at
fake blankets house yes looking for a
real plane whatever real community finds
me and he electrocutes me right and then
on the next half of the bag I was still
sitting in the chair electrocuted oh no
I don't remember though yeah I don't
remember any
I watched it yeah I watched it but I
don't remember it there's a lot of
episodes of half in the bag you guys
have done I mean you know talking about
Mike being a workaholic as you guys said
one time on the the stream like why he
doesn't play video games yeah I mean you
guys produce a lot Jay and Mike and you
guys there's a lot of stuff that that's
that's been going on especially in the
past four years in terms of like web
videos and stuff um what I mean does it
that's the only reason we started the
game show is because we want an excuse
to play games have some fun for once we
work so much on other projects where
it's just like if we can if we can make
a show out of this then we have an
excuse to sit down for six hours and
play video K this is Mike Mike and
junior almost always they're not you
know they're not busy filming something
they're busy editing our crap hmm so I
mean part of the deal with uh with the
previously recorded binge just ten
minute chunks it's just me and Jack I
mean the whole goal was just to have it
as independent from Jay and Mike as
possible so we get another show out
there and they weren't bogged down with
another absolute 12 hours ratings it's
just us I shoot it I edited yeah yeah
that way just Jane Mike don't have to
deal with it but there's still content
on the site so that's okay so I didn't
know you you actually edited those
things Jack that's cool but Jack I was
gonna mention earlier you make videos
though you you've you make videos that
you consider if I remember correctly
from when you're streaming you said you
make stuff that would consider uh easy
to be spread around stuff that you know
you brainstorm for ideas that would be
possibly and potentially viral but you
also have another job where you edit
don't you or like you know that's that
my actual job is making viral videos I
interested I make branded viral content
and so I work a lot with Funny or Die I
was what I've been with Funny or Die
since since the the sites the site
started for a while uh okay and so
basically if a a brand or a company
wants a video to go viral I'm one of
several people who will kind of pitch
ideas and try to make viral content for
for a brand and we've had we've had a
couple success if you've ever seen
the hey pass me a beer videos I haven't
seen that one and that's okay it's it
doesn't hurt my feelings - be the
high-five videos the the bowling trick
shot videos I've made a good name for
myself I think and as far as viral
content is concerned but you would never
know it was me because I'm always behind
a camera and editing so okay so it's
okay so you are I mean that's your job
you're an editor you're a video editor
yeah I'm a video editor and producer by
trade and then I'm in my free time I
hang out with these assholes ha ha ha I
am the least skilled person involved
with red letter media you are the mo you
are the face of red letter media no way
you you are I'm the mascot brilliant uh
do you you don't editor all rich no no
I'm an idiot
I actually had a question though do you
guys um when you do best of the worst or
when you do any like stuff like that
like half in the bag or what anything
like that do you use a switch board like
TriCaster or do you just everything's in
post everything's in post yeah it's a
three camera setup for both like the
discussion have happened the bag and the
discussion of best of the worst is a
three camera setup and it's it's all in
post and Jay and Mike here's some real
turd
Jane Mike are still using Final Cut 7
wha yeah I'm on some yes very important
to use this lame yeah clapboard thing
for people who don't know what a slate
it uh yeah I'm a premiere guy myself
you've always been always been I since
since uh since the switchover from Final
Cut 7 to X I I switched over to Premiere
cs5 and now I do the CC and I fuck and
love it I can't I can't believe I wasted
so much time with Final Cut not to get
too nerdy but no it's fine I worked at a
community television station here in
this borough of Staten Island that I
live in in New York and let me tell you
something the shit that I was exposed to
on a daily basis you guys if I sent you
VHS a--'s you guys would be like why
no really it I also yeah I had to deal
with a lot of stuff everyone was using
Final Cut everyone was using 1980s like
hot pink graphics and it was just it was
crazy but yeah premier for me completely
um
well and really just I've been trying to
slowly talk them into moving over its
premiere just because Final Cut is still
a 32-bit system and so it's only taking
it's only taking advantage of half of
your processing power and so like render
times are doubled export times are
double it's it's a joke mm-hmm
I don't have any render times on my
computer and that's beautiful thing you
know cuz they forced me to use Final Cut
and I just noped right out of that um
now the question is we've gone for
almost an hour
um how much longer you guys comfortable
going for cuz I have a few community
questions and just a few other little
questions I'm good for another like 15
20 yeah 15 20 cool all right so I'll ask
a few rapid-fire questions then great
sure and then we'll go to community
questions so I guess um real quick I
wanted to mention when are we getting a
space cop video game tie-in if somebody
wants to make one for more power to you
but I don't think there's been any talks
of an actual video game diet that would
be great
well because we get the movie done no I
was gonna ask how are you doing with
that is is it coming along a bit it's uh
we got like two major sequences to shoot
but we got a lot of the can mmm though I
know editing this one's probably gonna
be a bitch there's gonna be a lot of
post-production type stuff going on on
editing a lot of effects a lot a lot a
lot of garbage and that makes it sound
really exciting but it's it's not it's
not with just this stuff filmed last
month I you know like I I I was not
really like I'm excited for space cut
because I think it's really funny
premise but the footage I've seen from
the past month gets me genuinely excited
about space now you're over Oh
everybody's gonna hate oh over hypetrain
commenting the station to do Seuss
motherfucks
I I think there's some funny stuff you
know the funny thing is I'm I'm on
camera all the time from another video I
hate watching myself
the most uncomfortable thing on the
world I cringe hmm um all right uh let's
see what's next uh do you guys ever want
to escape from Milwaukee that's a fan
question well I came here from Chicago
so yeah it's not bad
okay but it's a fine place I love
Milwaukee its Milwaukee
I mean it's perfect for me just because
no one gives a fuck about Milwaukee and
so you can just be here and do whatever
you want and that's that's the thing is
it's like Chicago with less traffic yeah
Russia we're here is actually an hour
hmm that's that's that's unusual rush
hours like all day Chicago that's our
yeah this is really it's a it's a nice
city and you know like some people like
the big city thing you know it's not for
me I dig I dig being able to walk down
the street and say hi to people and not
get stabbed I really enjoy that okay
that's good
yeah I mean New York City's a big city -
I don't like to get stabbed either right
all right with you on that um what else
I'm trying to get through as many as I
can
uh let's see okay here's a good one um
Star Trek you guys Star Trek fans yes or
or soakers
all right um I'm a huge Star Trek fan as
of recently so I currently working my
way through enterprise I got every other
series done behind me question is what's
your favorite Star Trek series both of
you next generation and generation of
course it's all about the car oh gosh
it's all about it's all about diplomacy
motherfucker absolutely so refreshing I
love Picard mmm what sit down and think
this over
yeah
did you like Deep Space nine interview
do you think I'm just like my favorite
is next gen okay oh god I I want to say
classic Trek next but I don't know if
that's just the nostalgia glasses et
face design is quite good I I was a next
gen I think I think original is mostly
nostalgic glasses there there are some
really good episodes of original but for
me it goes next gen Voyager yeah I don't
make shit up
those characters amid Kirk Spock McCoy
hands classic hey let me go egg all
right you can go everyone okay good I'll
do I um yeah I'm somewhere in the middle
but I I see what you guys are saying
okay that's good to know next-gen though
we we've all agreed NextGen's the best
gender all right yeah course all right
um let's talk about some favorite games
what guys what games do you guys like
the best if you have like a few that you
could just listen there are other things
like asking your favorite movie it can
change from week to week or at the
moment then pop out question huh I
haven't been playing many games at the
moment cuz I've just been busy with a
space cop and real life stuff I'm sure
historically in my favorite game I've
always loved the first two thief games
okay it's good choice yeah you know
Garrett is just the best character ever
uh-huh what do you think Jack um you
know it sticks out like I said lately I
have been I'm going for platinum God in
Binding of Isaac I'm trying to get all
the achievements and Binding of Isaac so
replaying that over and over and over
again it's currently my favorite game as
far as ours in go it's it's Team
Fortress 2 that game is my jam up nice
and that's right you have the engineer
on your Skype profile there I do I have
so many hours into that game it's hard
not to call it my favorite uh so I guess
that but you know also you know like
just hooking up the Super Nintendo and
playing Super Mario World and just going
oh remember fun here's a list of games I
love unquestionably this the first two
themes
okay there's the two zone of the enders
games sorry uh really fond of Maximo No
More Heroes doom do it you know you
you've brought up do a lot and I I'm
gonna call bullshit on anyone whose doom
is their favorite game I guess yeah haha
oh we got a few people here that like
doom a lot well it's just so ugly though
I love the sprites
Besant change to the bag that it's fun
to just go nuts and shoot everything
that's why I like Team Fortress 2 okay
so alright um this one's from cowboy Sam
first one's for rich I'll just ask the
rich one because it's a good one you
brought up mess effects three Mass
Effect threes ending several times in
your reviews using it as an example of a
poor ending as a writer yourself how do
you approach the ending of the Mass
Effect series well I think the problem
with Mass Effect is they had no idea
what they were doing in the first place
III think y'all I mean I love Mass
Effect 2 but looking back on it they
don't really move the plot for they're
not moving towards the solution it's
just it's just like another adventure
and then by the time they get to the
third I think they had a very good idea
how they wanted to handle the subplots
but I Reaper thing just feels like they
pulled it out of their ass at the lesser
lissa dads will do something artsy that
ending just does not work for that
series so I don't I don't know what I
would have done I don't know what you
could have done because I don't think
they set it up properly in the first
place that's that's my answer
okay um any thoughts from fish of sex
any thoughts on a version of best of the
worst without vid with video games
actually you know someone just mentioned
somewhere like in the comments section
about our e3 video where they would have
liked to see our reactions to the
conference's like we do on best alerts
and I actually thought that was a really
good idea as far as the playing bad
games and making fun of them don't other
people arguing that's that's kind of
what I do to Angry Video Game Nerd a lot
of people do that I'm sure you know it's
done to death yeah I I think actually
what we do on previously recorded is
very similar to best of the worst where
we had footage of us on the couch
playing the game and and I'm really have
three ups right exhaust well technically
we have five but only only three release
only three really so but you know like
that I think maybe that's something more
we would stream yeah yes a quite bad
game old game we probably just
for a live stream just just because then
I don't have to worry about looking at
it over and over again and editing okay
from PTC F for what do you guys think
about the concept of early access games
Jack hates them I I don't mind I'm just
gonna wait till it's done anyway so if
somebody else wants to play early I
don't give a fuck okay yeah I think I I
think I left this in the the e3 edit
early access is nothing but bullshit
marketing and it all it's doing is is
building up hype for the beta release so
people can play it and let the
developers fix all the bugs and then
there's no hype left for when the game
comes out they want to make money and
somebody saw that minecraft made a
shitload of money I'm gonna keep doing
it
oh of course they're gonna keep doing it
and I I think it's terrible uh and I try
my very hardest to stay away from any
game that is not finished I I don't know
that I'd want to play a beta unfinished
version of a game but just watching like
the the videos that the people who made
prison architected and baking like
watching the progress just on their
YouTube channel sure that's been fun
okay okay well I mean it for me it goes
both ways it could be bad it could be
good it depends really
it is sometimes an early access works
and I don't mind playing it and testing
it out most of the time I'm with Jack
though and I don't really want to ruin
the hype or the surprise for myself so I
kind of stay away from early access for
bigger games but if it's an indie game
that's like almost done anyway then
alright why not sure well yeah it's it's
a horse piece but like you know for
example Daisy is something the dayz
standalone was something that I was
crazy hyped about you know following
every single little pinch of development
and now we're we're one two years away
and not even closer to a release and I'm
done I'm done with Daisy and the game
isn't even out yet uh yeah it's like
that with rust too but rust is making
developments you know to redo their
thing from the ground up so yeah yeah
but like even even Rusty's is like that
there's a game that I I got really
psyched about and I played a little bit
it's still in early access
it's called sir you are being hunted and
it's like I've played enough of the beta
now where I don't care if they fix
anything I'm done playing the game
here's the thing that Jack you did you
can choose not to play it does it really
bother you that they do it it bothers me
because now I'm not excited about it but
you didn't have to play it and get
excited about you could have said okay
this is the thing that they're working
on I'll wait til it's done
yeah but I haven't even played the dayz
standalone and I'm no longer excited
about it because I just from the
constant hike just from the constant
okay next I do have another one okay
just a few more quick ones first one is
from Reggie giggity have there been any
video game adaptations of movies which
were not horrible that you guys like I
don't know that I've gone out of my way
to play movie adaptation oh wait
wait a video game adaptation of a movie
or maybe adaptation of a video game what
was the question um you'll get
adaptation of a movie right yeah yeah so
I need any that you like I mean
goldeneye springs to mind immediately is
one that everyone seems to you know say
is the best but I ago I really enjoyed a
lot of the the first couple of Spider
Man games for ps2 okay those were you
know just because you get to play
spider-man and swing around spider-man -
I meant to is only good for the web
swing yes the game is crap of course but
I felt it felt really nice to play as
spider-man okay and and you know like to
remember the first spider-man game if
you beat it a certain way then you could
play the entire game as the Green Goblin
and just bomb everyone that was neat um
I'm trying to think of any other video
games based off of movies have you guys
seen the this isn't based off of a movie
but the the pixel enterprise that you
can go on yes
data like this that was really neat just
as a dork I will be interested when
somebody makes a game out of it there's
already um you know the oculus rift
right okay yeah yeah that someone made a
3d model Enterprise bridge and ready
room and I believe conference room I
streamed it and it's just it's just that
and then you know you can't really
explore the enterprise but you can see
like the stations and first-person modal
it's it's okay I think in a few years
we'll get like the whole enterprise
when VR becomes a thing
you know I see someone in the chat
mentioning the Power Rangers the movie
Super Nintendo game fuck you for
remembering that bad their attempt at a
side-scrolling brawler with the power
engine Borgess there's got to be a good
movie game but I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna
take too long thinking about that's okay
we'll move on to the next one
there's like I said maybe two more last
questions final ones from Joel who's a
streamer here who wanted me to tell you
that he's a huge fan of you guys the
same as I am
we've been watching you for you know
sleep and piss for years and it's know
to be in her bedroom tonight I was gonna
say what nothing nothing we're we're
just slowly walking out of the room well
Joel is no he's he's like me where we
started watching
Mike's videos and then we progressed and
you know I have feeding friends he
actually have a quick piece of history
from this site I actually emailed Mike
about three years ago and he did a
little planket voice clip for us he's a
little promo for us alright yeah we had
it on our site and when we weren't
streaming it would pop up every now and
then and just say go to red letter media
Vinny's a fucking asshole right it was
perfect I seriously I'll always be
grateful to Mike for that um and another
thing I have an autographed copy of
feeding frenzy and I specifically asked
for Jay and Mike but not you rich oh you
son of a bitch
rich why weren't you in that what are
you you been feeding frenzy I am in it
where are you I'm mr. blanket oh that's
right all right okay the next question
is where do you get the VHS movies for
best of the worst anyway donations
bought from thrift shops or stolen from
Satan's fiery asshole um all three well
we get plenty of people send us stuff
and then we get a lot from yes most
credible sending stuff at this point
though yeah which is great keep sending
us stuff it's it's it's great but you
know like some people some people don't
get it though they like send us the
Matrix Revolutions and we're not gonna
do that right they'll send us Jerry
Maguire or something yeah okay yeah but
but yeah we definitely for sure I think
the the most famous is elves Jay found
at a secondhand store in like Montana it
was actually a punch a pawn shop so yeah
it was just the craziest find ever and
but but we have a lot of great
second-hand stores and and seven-mile
Fair is a large rummage sale and I guess
this one's just from me as a final
question since you guys have gotten a
lot of attention from the Internet and
you know with the half in the bag stuff
with the reviews and now that you guys
are doing the video game show which a
lot of people seem to like how has it
been I mean you guys have been doing
this for years but now you're getting a
lot of attention have the fans been nice
have it has it been annoying and what
see honestly like how do you feel about
this internet fame stuff there there are
a lot of good fence out there um then
there's some some creepy ones too there
I know there's some people online who
are borderline scary mMmmm
but then then you know every now and
then you'll meet somebody in real life
which is very friendly and will come up
and shake your hand
yeah I'm gonna tell a story I've told it
before but it's it's the ultimate
recognized in public story okay sure
uh I was just browsing around this used
DVD store by where I used to live and
I'm just I'm just minding my own
business looking at the movies and this
guy behind the counter noses me he's not
a hundred percent sure it's it's me
though it's for Jevons so he goes to the
red letter media site and he pulls up
one of our old videos sub the one with
the monkey man and in that video there's
footage of my grandmother who's now
deceased right so so he pulls up this
video on the store computer now I'm
elsewhere in the store I'm just minding
my own business and this guy plays this
video on the store speakers and just out
of nowhere I hear my dead grandmother's
boots this DVD store haha and I I jumped
like 10 feet straight air I turn around
and this is Klerk going hey you're rich
oh oh it's a great story and I probably
told an eight times I didn't know it and
that's that's pretty oh how was it
though I mean you've been recognized
more times than that do you like being
stopped if people recognize
I don't mind I don't mind I mean I'm
busy doing something with somebody else
I'll make it quick nice nice to meet you
okay I'll say it that's it's nice being
noticed cool yeah it's it's it's very
nice I unfortunately have garnered a
nickname on the Internet which you know
you can't help but it's everyone
everyone who I've met face to face has
been very nice okay yeah that's good
same here yeah yeah I I've never met
anyone in person who's been like a jerk
who said I I hate you and your life
sucks Ryan is right that has never
happened it's easier when you have the
anonymity of a computer behind you to
say whatever you want but that being
said I want to thank you too a lot
seriously this this was a thrill for me
I mean it's just great to talk to you
guys and get to learn a little bit about
the stuff I've been watching for the
past four years you know I wish you like
seriously all the best with previously
recorded and I seriously I recommend it
to everyone that's watching right now
twitch.tv slash previously recorded
underscore live and of course if you
wanted to check out their videos you
could go to red letter media comm and
look for previously recorded so Jack
thank you hey thanks for having us
yeah it's been nice buddy yeah it's been
a pleasure and rich thank you so much
for from you know putting up with all
our shit that's pay attention the
feeding frenzy next time you watch it um
yeah yeah no I I have watched the movie
we yeah we believe you remember there
was a scene where Jay was jerking off
under a cover I remember that yes
somehow I remember that but not rich
Evans being in the fucking movie Jesus
sadly that was my idea too what do we do
for the scene hi Jay one just jerk off
there all right well you guys again
thanks for joining me today and I'll
tell you what everyone check out their
channel check out red letter media and
you too have a great day and I'll see
you next time you stream yeah thank you
have a nice one all right all right
peace out guys later
all right so there you go there is check
and Jack Picard and Rick Stevens um man
I so deserve that
I didn't remember that Plunkett was in
feeding frenzy but hey what are you
gonna do I'll just I'll just drink
myself to death don't worry about it
in any case though seriously that was
amazing thank you guys for the fan
questions for rich and Jack and thank
you for joining me for this interview I
think this was one of my favorites I
mean not just because I know the guys
from watching their their videos and
stuff but because they were just fucking
really forthcoming and nice dudes and I
even got rich to laugh a little bit and
that is a personal achievement I will
never forget one day I will develop a
laughs more annoying than rich Evans one
day that day is not this day what I'm
going to do though for now is I'm going
to take a quick break and I'm going to
stream a little bit of Mario Kart just
to take the edge off really and yeah
I'll see you guys in a few minutes with
some Mario Kart 8 so stick around I'll
be right back
