May 9, 2017
Interview with Jack Packard of Red Letter Media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wetf5gajXM8
https://twitter.com/HotToddy90102/status/862041848067567617
https://twitter.com/SheikYerbouti/status/865107989891391489

bad movies beware because wherever you
are these people will find you and it's
going to happen regardless and I'm here
with one of those guys now of course I'm
talking about red letter media more
specifically the show best of the worst
and I'm here with one of the gang right
now
he also who co-hosts previously recorded
with rich Evans talked about all the
latest video games going on Jack
Packard hello jack whoa you are here and
ready to roll
I am here I'm glad I'm glad coming from
us from Milwaukee let me ask you why
Milwaukee where why was that the place
to set up our LM oh that's not Michael
this is where I've lived at all I grew
up on it kind of in between Milwaukee
and Chicago right I in farm in farm
country in Wisconsin very famously grew
up on a farm and I moved to Milwaukee as
I got older as I got out of the farm and
this is just where I've been living and
then all of a sudden these jackasses
from Chicago come up here Mike and Jay
and rich they run the joint
Yeah right but I think this is just
where this is just where they ended up
for a while they were doing you know
kind of up for hire videography work and
I just I met them here in the walkie
because we all make videos right how
long you've been with them now Oh Lord
like I'm still not technically with them
it's actually a very strange we have a
very weird business relationship like I
I'm not an employee of red letter media
I just hang around and they put me in
video nah you just walk in and say hey
it would be in this week's best the
worst you're like okay sure pretty much
pretty much it so like you know but
we've been making video guesses together
like when Oh Lord when I'm trying to
remember my first video with them I'm
trying to remember when's the global
skis and we look it up right now
Oh Lord that's like seven years ago did
you remember the crop out key I do
remember that we're basking
yeah so maybe yeah I've been with them
for about I mean I've been making videos
with them for about seven years now and
it just so happened like I said we met
through mutual friends and I made videos
and they made videos and as someone who
makes videos it's always really hard to
find someone to be in front of the
camera right right and you know we just
we got along immediately and we had a
very similar sense of humor and and and
and now they just now they just keep me
around because I'm usually available
they put up the food you feed you eat it
and then you keep hanging around wait
your other people get food they do yeah
Josh especially and I think rich does
but but that's just that's just you know
favoritism out of the whole deal but you
know I think so like I have a deal where
I can I feel Mike's energy drinks all
the time and every once in a while I'll
take a beer or two out of the fridge and
that's about it that's shocking that
mike has energy drinks because all I see
him drinking is alcohol so he seems like
he always went to dumb down his senses
not raised to them at all you have to
know you have to balance like 100 you
drink two beers 100 you drink two beers
doesn't make sense that make sense how
did you Anna and rich come up with
prereq what brought that on
well that started after best of the
worst and you know I rich is the person
who I'm at last I I think I met Jay
first and then you know after Jay I met
Mike and started hanging out with them
and rich at the time still lived in
Chicago and so he would kind of drive up
for shoots every once in a while and
then when best of the worst started he
has finally moved up and really what
would happen is in between watching
movies rich and I would in trying to
bring up nerd conversation to the whole
group say hey did you guys hear about
that video game and Mike and Jay would
immediately their eyes would glaze
lazora me and Richard be like oh yes I
know of the video games and that they
all great comic book writers said yes I
don't comic book yeah I did we just week
we we got along because we were the
nerdiest of the group and I know rich
had tried with with his old video game
show
Gamestation 2.0 the only problem is
which doesn't know how to edit and so
rich wrote the script and then either
miker j had to edit it and they don't
care about video exactly i think i
remember one time you were talking about
on that show they had edited and i
didn't they didn't they wouldn't put in
the parts where that rich was talking
about they were just put in random
scenes from the video games is that
right cuz they didn't care they didn't
care to go through hours of footage
right there like it was it was for
Rich's vanquish review and he was
talking about how satisfying the shotgun
so and then they didn't use footage of
him using the shotgun in vanquish it was
a come on guys basic 101 101 you think
somebody in editing would realize
someone mentions a shotgun I should find
a shotgun to put in the scene that's why
were what and that's just how little
Mike and Jake cared about video games in
general and and so you know that they're
always looking for stuff to supplement
their videos because it takes a long
time that is the best of the worst and
sometimes no movies are coming out for
half in the bag
and they just don't feel like making
anything and so previously recorded was
a chance for video content to be made
completely outside of Mike and Jay mmm
because I can edit and I can shoot and
rich and I can do all the work on that
end and unfortunately when we started
the show I only had two cameras at the
time which is why all the early episodes
only have two back and forth camera
right right because I wanted to be
completely separate from Mike and Jane
yeah and now we just kind of ever old
thing we at work we're off in our little
corner of red letter media and that's
nice yeah because I love Mike and Jay
but their party party pretentiousness
tends to take its toll and so I enjoy
listening to yours and Rich's
conversations a little bit better
because they just have to be more
they're more up my alley they're more
entertaining okay listen we're not
trying to offend any oh no no no no I
love arty Park that's right love and I
love Mike and Mike and Jay but holy
cannoli sometimes
sometimes especially J I know I mean
look I love Jay I love Jay it's just
there are times I'm like I have no idea
where you're going with that what does
that even mean I don't understand you
sometimes but it's sincere they're all
self school people you know I never got
into film school so I just started
making videos of my own but you know
there's a type of people that can that
can talk about you know these different
editing techniques and styles and they
go deep into well this is the cool shop
effect
so we're gonna check off right
yeah I've almost turned into a drinking
game where I'm best the worst and half
in the bag when will Mike bring up Star
Trek but at some point I happen I'm not
bringing up Star Trek and he always does
it never fails both Mike and rich are
terrible and you know Star Trek the
great series but it should be your point
of reference for every single piece of
media it all doesn't go back to Star
Trek exactly yeah
so have you always been a big gamer no
oh yeah I mean ah yeah I'm trying to you
know like I'm about to give my cred
right I have I have children I've to me
over in it so when when my two children
were very young
Gaming took a huge dive because there's
just no time uh but then I started
getting back into it right around Team
Fortress 2 era so you know I like
obviously I played at the kid I loved I
had a head 64 and oh yeah all that I am
we even had eight was a Sega Saturn
that was our great war really yeah it
was a bad choice
when you know a kid and my mom found it
on sale or something yeah but we had a
Sega Saturn I love the hell out of that
right head open antennas in college you
know the big the big drinking game was
always Mario Kart yeah yeah before you
could drive home to make sure you were
sober you had to play Mario Kart to
prove to us that you were sober that is
brilliant
right that has been a night you did if
you didn't perform well enough than you
could you'd have to sleep on the couch
oh but so that when the the xbox360 era
came back around and you know the orange
box gets released and we get all the
half-life and Team Fortress 2 and the
swell of indie game mmm is really
fantastic and then as PC game I'm a Mac
user and so I wasn't able to take part
in a lot of PC gaming but as a steam
came to Mac more games came to Mac and I
got to play a little bit more now I play
all the time which is great right
because Mac is the bomb and I have a Mac
too and I never regretted making that
making that switch for sure okay so we
were talking about this the worst how
did it get started what what what
convinced everybody that that was the
show to do as part of it part of it I
don't know because I actually I wasn't
there for the first episode that they
felt right ha and here's what I can tell
you before best of the worst we would
get together all the time and just have
bad movie nights whether it be at
someone's house or at the studio and we
had a great time every time and when
your content creators you're always
looking for the next thing to make and
eventually we said hey maybe we're good
enough to film this right and like I
said I wasn't there that first episode
sigh I don't know whose idea it was to
get best to the worst started right or
who came up a format or like why is it
three videos or why do they all have to
have a common thread it's all it's all a
mystery to me I just show up and try to
try to make fun of and right does it get
like just almost exhausting trying to
make that show because I feel like at
times it's not almost exhausting it is
exhausting you know we we don't watch
the movies beforehand you know a lot of
people will compare it to something like
Mystery Science Theater oh yeah yeah and
and it was Mystery Science Theater
they're actually kind of watching a
movie and taking notes and writing a
script
reminding descriptive then they shoot
straight for us it's all improv it
students whatever we can come up with
while we watch it and it's three movies
and it's you know if the three movies
are two hours long each that's six hours
and then we talk for another hour and a
half and that's seven and a half hours
and that's when it's an entire day and
it's exhausting and now that we're on
Episode just do something for 50 every
we're getting close to 50 yeah hey so
the real hard part is coming up with new
shit to talk about
mm-hmm and like you know how many times
can you point out that the boom has
dropped into the shot or how many times
can you can you make fun of a Cameron
Mitchell hopefully hopefully we will
never run out of Cameron Mitchell you'll
never run out of that nose never and
then the answer to those questions is
many many many times because that's
that's the quality of movies that are on
best of the worst it's something that I
used to worry about like eventually
we're going to run out of bad 80s movies
and eventually we're going to run out of
like 70s exploitation movies but then we
have ascended to the Church of Breed
yeah I met a filmmaker named Neil brain
who made his first movie in like 2001
2002 mm-hmm and the fact that people
like this still exist who are still
making their own movies we will never
run out of material right that that will
that his movie that you all did a couple
years ago was a level of mind fuck I'll
never be able to get out of seriously
that that was ridiculous we've got a new
one out to right now I think it's
working on another one and unfortunately
we've only seen the one we've only seen
the one because a Jane Mike are still
waiting for max landis to come back to
Milwaukee and max landis has been to
Milwaukee once yes and doesn't really
want to come back really that tells the
drawing fluid officer does I know I'm
scheduling I said yeah I'm not that's
right for which I I know that they
mikage a bust his chops all the time so
I don't really know if you would want to
come back or not I just I wouldn't be
surprised
no no I think they have a very cordial
ladies and gentleman good he was
actually really fun to have in town
because he works in the industry right
and he could give us some stories of
actual behind the scene stuff and he's a
screenwriter and he was telling us
stories of movies that he had to change
the script for because of producer
interjection or sorry that I am not at
liberty to share but there would be
marvelous stories and and he was he was
real fun to happen time I got rich and I
got to read a sneak peeks of his
American alien Superman comic really Wow
I'm just pretty awesome well I net
effect yep it is pretty cool now I know
that Mike and Jay have seen it because
they did have in the bag on and have you
seen guardians of the galaxy vol 2 yet I
have I have I saw this week and I was
really excited to see it this weekend
yeah how goes it past week right
and unfortunately the end you know this
happens sometimes but I really disagree
with Michael Jay and I see Lily really
careful gardens - yeah saver Gordon
we're going to see it tonight so I
wanted to get somebody's idea on it
before we went but because Mike and Jay
raved about it I mean I've never seen
such the happy episode of half in the
bag not in the wild they were very happy
you know a lot of a lot of people are
like if you stop voting boys yes yes and
so you know what I won't get it in a
boiler supporting - but if you reference
Volume one that he returns to a lot of
stuff that I didn't and you know vol 1 I
was kind of pissed
vol 1 I thought he relied too much on
the same kind of joke which is had a
swelling emotional moment that is
immediately undercut by why bad comments
right right and that also
James Gunn has a huge problem of telling
and not showing yeah you know keep every
character if you look at volume 1 every
character has a giant monologue
explaining their backstory and when you
show me the gelling reaction that is so
true goes on and on in that cell and
for me a lot of that returns and going
through then there's some really good
stuff involved to it like an idiot idiot
I won't spoil it for you because there
is some really genuinely good moments in
some really good character moments right
but now that kind of the newness of this
weird alien universe is worn off because
we've had that in Volume one right to me
the flaws stick out a little bit more so
I didn't care for it right
I know I know everyone loves it right
well and then that good leads to a good
question like where do you see how do
you how do you see 2017 looking
cinematically especially when it comes
to these comic-book movies like are we
good bad what's this year look like
what's come out so far I'm trying to
even remember Oh what happens well let's
see well we had Power Rangers earlier
okay every big laugh following Power
Rangers we well we've got a Justice
League coming up and we have Wonder
Woman coming up we've got boomer next
Star Wars coming out like would go every
got four right God we're right back
we've got the next row yes and that will
be good yeah but like I have a fair
right this is just like I mean is this
good is this bad like I don't know how
to filter this I don't know how what
them how to look at I don't I not only
am i big comic book version but I love
action and so for me the more comic book
movies the better the more superhero
movies the better I fucking love
superheroes so to me it's not a real
problem though the problem is when they
do it how I would I do it poorly like I
don't know did you see Iron Fist no I
didn't see the on this wait no yes I did
see the really flop I did see that yes
okay yeah yeah like the Iron Fist Marvel
was kind of dull yeah and the defenders
maybe is going to be good and and you
know I didn't care for guardians and I
don't even turn up about earlier this
year but I feel like comic books have an
inherent problem which is their
longevity yeah
you can't keep
pointing the same story over and over
and over again and we're hitting that
point in the Marvel Cinematic Universe
sorry you know like I'm not used to
having a person to look at if I keep
looking at one at a time that's alright
we're hitting that point in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe with longevity and
they're running out of fresh stories to
tell and this was an initial fear of
mine when they started making comic book
movies is eventually they're going to
fall into the same trap as the comic
books themselves we're starting to get
convoluted backstories we're starting to
retail store excited to rehash
characterization that has already
happened in other books and so once we
get to the culmination of Infinity
Gauntlet or the infinity war it's going
to be really interesting to see how they
try to reset the universe is it going to
be a big event something like it's like
another civil war or something like at
the end of Infinity Gauntlet where they
actually met bend space and time and the
universe is preset and get new actors
and do stories right and that's that's a
good point and you know I like I it's
like I said I love comic book movies too
but you're right it just seems like like
there's one right after the other but
they're starting to fall over each other
there's just so many and then yeah
you're right it's just it's like the
same story over and over just with
different people there's really then
that's what it especially for god DC god
help DC seriously well I think I can't
be excited about Justice League because
I know that that Snyder is still
involved right and that every Superman
was such a tremendous clusterfuck and
Suicide Squad was a joke the only hope
that they had left is Wonder Woman is
even if Wonder Woman is competent right
like if Wonder Woman just reaches the
bar then maybe yeah but who knows
because that night is producing that but
we have I have no idea what sex economy
rise up her for looks great in and eek
eek eek eek epoch a lot right I'm not
even I think I've gotten married
Saturday I think so I think that's how
it's pronounced I can't really remember
Titan key I think he's a very
interesting director
and he has a really strong voice and
style yeah and then we can only hope a
little bit of that voice comes through
in the Edit right right that it does I
like indeed that that's the hope anyway
seriously and you know what we got
really lucky with some Marvel movies
like Joss Whedon did a fantastic job
with pictures yeah we got we got Jon
Favreau who basically sets the entire
tone of the Marvel Cinematic Universe oh
sure we dad we got fucking Shane Black
and Iron Man 3 being the most perfect
action movie ever fuckin made yes so
we're getting very interesting directors
uh I won't forget what his name was he's
gonna direct the Black Panther movie I
camera he make did you see Creed I did
see creep
yes I which is a fuckin great fantastic
that looking great film that's right
it's great and now he's directing Black
Panther and so like Marvel keeps making
really interesting directorial choices
right unlike these head I'm like I only
see where it's just like here Zack take
more take more right how many people
have dropped out of the flash movie at
this point I'm in a cluster third
director I've lost count
I've lost count it's ridiculous but I'm
not surprised not one bit so you know
I'll keep watching them as long as
they're good right but you know like
guardians was pretty disappointing you
look at something like Doctor Strange
which like visually was very exciting
and it was really different enough and
it had a really satisfying conclusion
did you see Doctor Strange
I did not see none to change okay no
spoilers but it was a very satisfying
ending to Doctor Strange and really
fantastic visuals but the the general
hero's journey was the exact hero's
journey you've seen the rehash rehash
rehash rehash read history - but that is
a set up an interesting character
someone may
maybe maybe maybe maybe well away from
like comic book movies this was a
question I thought really long hard
about what's the future of filmmaking at
this point well it stayed this way or
will creativity make like a massive
comeback what it creativity is this is a
needlepoint resource a good topic my
creativity is at an all-time high
and I think some people something where
people are missing a lot on is movies
more art house weirdo movies are being
made now than ever before they're just
not saying if the ATRA Coakley's right
but things like video on demand that
flicks hulu originals amazon originals
we are seeing fantastic movies being
made that never ever would have been
made ten years ago that's true stuff
like the footage or Swiss Army Man or
the neon demon or the green room or a
million of these little weirdo art house
or what it puts every tailor they took
for the other greasy strangler know what
we bought they're not being released in
theaters and so no one is thinking about
them as this Renaissance of creativity
right and you know you even in talking I
have some friends who are filmmakers
like Hollywood filmmaker and in talking
to someone like max landis they are
bemoaning the downfall of Hollywood and
it's like you know what you can still
get your movie made and seen you're just
not going to get the paycheck that you
used to I and and that's a great thing
we're we're seeing a Samak Ritz's ation
of creativity right right and I finally
pulled me on that she will quote you on
that one
and I finally saw this a bitch and I
thought it was fucking fanny hair frozen
oh and I'm moving now your video has
frozen on me and so oh there you go back
ok but I was just saying either backer
yeah and we were losing connection that
we
I'm in a bad part of the house but we're
fine for now but I was just saying I was
just saying I just seen the povitch a
little while ago and I all right
fantastic some fantastic zone right and
it's a fantastic film that never would
have made it past a big-budget Hollywood
box office because there's not enough
gore till I get the gore hounds in there
and there's no stars and it's a weird
premise and it has no it has no selling
point like you how to make a trailer for
the bitch right it's very difficult
bright and fun the filmmaker was able to
make it happen and they found
distribution and it was it found its
home on video on demand and we should be
really excited about that yeah and and
that's a perfect plan and think about
those video-on-demand things you do find
better films from there than you do at
your local theater is so true so true
absolute absolutely you know what we're
still going to have movie theaters for
the big blockbuster right right and now
like our local big chains are now doing
like weekly events where they will
create older movies or they'll screened
for in film oh there's that they even
have a thing for their showing like
stuff from the Sydney Opera House like
they're flying operas those are those
the like so like Peter this is like the
links padam those fandom events things
that they have is that what those are I
think so like that it basics is just a
way to get more fun to see yeah oh but
Bert all right so so but we will see
that something happened to movie
theaters that we've seen happen to
something like play houses mmm where
movie theaters are going to be the home
for blockbusters and these weirdo events
right and then everything else is going
to go to the to the TV and video on
demand which I'm perfectly okay with
yeah really that's that's for the best
to be honest that's not that's pretty
the best way to go I think at least for
the for the more than down-to-earth
films you'd rather just watch them at
home than go out and see them so it
makes a lot more sense well you know the
upside down to that is there are
some movies that play better in the
theater you know like you go see a
comedy you want to see a comedy in a
packed theater because then that
laughter just becomes contagious right
right and also the way I still make her
edits a movie is edited towards a live
audience like you know they'll edit in
the laughs like smell edit in those
beats to get the biggest audience
reaction right so there's going to be a
big adjustment period toward editing a
movie towards a home audience yeah and
it's been an awkward term like over the
big ones last year the the key and Peele
movie Keanu Oh
Keanu and when what was the lonely as a
movie pop star yeah like I I've actually
got to see those video on-demand cuz I
didn't get up in theater and both I
thought were very funny but you could
there be dead moments for me and
watching at home that I could tell was
in there for the theater audience robot
for the laughter of the theater right
and so like they didn't hit their full
potential would be watching their own
it's it'll be interest yeah yeah it's
got to find its balance I suppose all
right so I have to ask you this question
because we all saw what happened on the
last episode of best of the worst which
was a wheel episode we all know what
happened to the wheel of the worst it
was destroyed by mr. Stowell kalasa
and you immediately you immediately got
thrown under the bus because you did it
three years ago so that it they blamed
it on you they said it was your fault
that that the wheel got destroyed
because you did it once before so what's
up with that what would what what what
is the deal what is the deal
oh it's not what's not pussyfoot around
this they didn't for America busting
micro-climate
that's right Mike never thought of a
fish but Josh agreed he was with his
luck oh yeah yeah my it was China sexpot
absolutely deco yeah so so on a very old
ups of the wheel and I have never really
liked the wheel
episode because there's just not a whole
lot to talk about sometimes I want to
say it was only my second wheel of the
worst episode they had me on and I
knocked it over and this was only the
third wheel episode in existence so like
I pushed it over because I didn't even
think that this was going to be a
long-running tradition and I said fuck
it I don't like the wheel anyway yeah
like pushes it over basically stealing
my bit
Yeah right that asshole stole my bit and
placed it could be broken to break the
damn home and and you know I haven't
seen him since I'll be honest with you I
have not seen like since that up so he I
think he's ashamed to look me in the eye
I wouldn't be surprised he should feel
bad about it exactly cuz Rich was pissed
at him and he's like really really
you're blaming Jack if Jack jumped off
the cliff you would jump off - I mean
kidding that's just ridiculous
well I also like Richard built it that's
one of Rich's job at the studio he's the
prop builder right like it's a deal was
his baby and it's gone now he's just you
know this in it Twain is he trying to
fix it as or is he working on a new one
or anything like at this point what's
the point she's like she's gonna push it
over again that's true
keep them away from your fling keto
board don't let him get near the
keyboard cuz that's you talk about
something getting destroyed and just
being a heartbreak oh my lord how long
did it take how long do you take rich to
make that the clinking up work took a
shockingly large amount of time only
because you know Mike had the idea for
the plane cutting board and the rich
started sketching up some ideas but then
Mike bought the materials for the first
point gutter board which were like solid
pieces of heavy wood and and you know
the big board so Mike bought four solid
pieces and thought that rich could
somehow screw them together right and
you know risk that you're an idiot
this is never going to work and sure
enough a crumble under its own weight
Oh God and so to get aboard version one
crumbled like before we can shoot an
episode
man then rich went out bought his own
materials built version number two and
we're on number like run version 2.5 now
when we finally got the ball working
right we have the base working right but
I want to say in total it's a rich a
month and a half two months just to
build that thing good lord well it shows
I mean it's it's a beautiful piece of
craftsmanship but I just like that's
just something I could never do I'm just
like how does rich come up with this
like idea of just creating all of that
this is crazy
that's great yeah it's well you know we
got a warehouse full of tools and then
lumber you're you're pretty shit
together right I will say this I do
blame you and rich for doing something
to me I haven't eaten Taco Bell in
probably 10 15 years and then I saw the
damn review and it you product placement
fricking works and I went out and I got
a taco bowl and dammit I'm hooked to
those now so I'm eating at Taco Bell
like all the time
oh man taco burrito is full real you
have that fantasy it's just it's just a
big soft shell taco a little crunchy
things in it oh yeah I do legitimately
love top yeah and rich makes fun of me
constantly because I do love taco bell
but I don't give up
fuck and tasty is cheap it is that's
very true
yeah that was the fun one that was a fun
review demolition man right I'd
forgotten about it and you know it was
just one of those things yeah I forgot
about the talk a lot of evolution when I
forgot about the Taco Bell pardon I've
not seen it in a while yeah yeah that
was a really great one and you know
topic today you know the funny thing
about that fit is be sure to shoot and
you know jay-z's era shoot and rich and
I are on camera and all of a sudden we
start talking about it and rich or this
was Rich's idea again is like maybe we
should go get some Taco Bell and just do
this it was his idea like well rich it
was this idea and I was like rich we're
right in the middle of a shoot you want
to finish the shoe first he's like no no
no we need to start the episode with us
just silently in a coma
Hey and then it's like well do we just
shut this all down and go for it so yeah
fuck it shut it down three eight we
stopped the whole shoot so rich could go
get some Taco Bell unbelievable and it
took him much like a comically long
amount of time like you know there's the
backhoe was drive away yeah and then
apparently like he ordered this giant
bucket of tacos and okay great over
dinner
so yeah all right you got fed and worked
at the same time nothing wrong with that
exactly right a little fact here here's
an exclusive yes rich and I actually
shot a second reef view that same day
really that has yet you really wondering
what it is because it's way more fun
yeah when that's when that notification
pops up but we shot a second review that
day there's yet to see the liner day I
think I think I have an idea of what it
is I won't say what it is but I think I
know what it is I think I know it's
coming up but but yeah that sounds
exciting I'm glad I love the reviews I
just you know it because you always I
always had that thought before the show
started like I wish they had been around
when this movie was out so that they
could have reviewed that when it was out
and it's like oh this is the glory now
they can go back and watch these movies
well it's a lot less it's a lot more
casual you know like it if you're on
half of the bag I but I've only been on
half of the bag once to do to like
actually talk about a movie and to me
that was really stressful yeah and like
when rich and I do previously recorded
you know editing that and just making
sure that we say the right thing and
like get our facts straight and and all
of our criticism our criticisms are
backed up properly that's that's very
stressful so like a review is just a
chance to have a conversation write
about something like without necessarily
being hypercritical that's very nice
that's a very nice refreshing show to do
so um I guess we're about to wrap up
here what's next for prereq what do you
guys coming up we have no idea we we
super stoked
Burke out we we pushed out three
episodes
really
quickly we did we did neo right into
horizon zero dawn right into Legend of
Zelda breath of the wild right and those
are three very big game yes they are and
and breath of the wild specifically on a
rich like I had I ended that at 80 hours
and rich has like 230 hours running
clouds and you just can't like it's hard
to move on after those games like I
especially breath the wall which is
honestly beautiful it is it should hard
for us to find something that we care
about as much so we know we recently did
Bayonetta which is a nice simple brawler
which kind of helps reset the clock but
we have no idea what we're doing next
right I know sprite strength just came
out today which is supposed to be a
really intense first-person shooter
right but we also had a we did an
impromptu interview with one of the
creators of strafe out live on straining
will night mmm
and we're Kickstarter backers up
straight and so that's kind of like that
great area can we be objective right if
we do it straight and another that we
have no idea what we're doing next right
now we're doing actually just playing
old Zelda games just because we like
we're back in the zelda swing other
nothing regular that's are talking about
holds LP nothing wrong with that i love
zelda as a kid and i'm not played rest a
while but i have friends who do and it
you're right it's just a it's just a
beautiful game to look at just a watch
right yeah jacking like a rich did it
upstream a couple times and it's just
somebody has that get lost i wouldn't
talk to chennai just watch what he was
doing alright alright so right it is and
and i want to thank you because they
force my friends forced me to play this
game and it sucked and you hated it to
is one to switch ir stitch whatever is
called i hated that game i hate that
game it's not like we what you know was
on the wii when you play bold and
everything that game just sucks oh my
god that was we thought we thought at
least we could get some like comedy on a
stream out of it right and it wasn't
even worth it to make fun of it
dream it was it was nothing it was it
was embarrassed it's an embarrassing
game it is and neither like
unfortunately the switch in general I
keep going back and forth on whether or
not I want to recommend it which and I
actually shot an episode about the
switch that we ended up I ended up not
airing because it was really boring
because rich doesn't have a strong
feelings about it
right so it was just me talking about
the switch and I think I kept going back
and forth oh hello I love taking it on
the go but it doesn't have that great
battery life and also you need to buy a
case because it has a screen on the
outside and I love it as a console but
the controller sucks so you need to buy
an extra controller and it doesn't have
a game and it doesn't have Bluetooth
capabilities and instead it's kind of
good right it's okay I'll say that it
gets by exactly so now that was one of
our I want to say that was our third
episode that we've completely shot and
edited and decided not to really answer
because it turned out to be for serious
well that's understandable well Jack I
cannot thank you enough for putting up
with my crap for almost an hour it was
such a pleasure I love you guys I love
your work keep up the great work and
thanks for doing everything that you all
do seriously thank you well thanks for
having me I'm good check absolutely very
truck outro or outro well it's this
right here we've been talking to Jack
Packard of red letter media on the smoke
and not todd cast
