May 29, 2019
The Red Letter Media Gang Talks Ghosts, Conspiracies and Movies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_hubfcyPWw

"Bind me"
"Gag me"
"Take me to the bunnyranch"
"People dying"
"Kill me in the packing house"
"Even you have to win sometimes dear"
Hey, I'm Macaulay Culkin
yeah, remember me
all right
obviously dude this is my podcast so
yeah this week actually we have amazing
guests plural it's the guys from red
letter media so for you guys that don't
know red letter media they did this
amazing multi-part a Star Wars review
from their character Plunkett which
they're actually longer than the movies
themselves and I prefer them over the
movies so if you don't know them
definitely go check it out and also they
have this show half in the bag where
they do reviews of modern movies is also
show called review whatever I'm not I'm
not here to tell you their whole resume
but we have a great time I hope you like
talking about ghosts yeah here we go
and he's happy yeah why not why not
start the podcast get this this thing
over with
am i right jerks that's what I'm all
about yeah yeah so uh let's we'll
introduce everybody
Krauser me is rich Evans say hello hello
I am rich Evans nice well done well done
and to my right yeah Jay bomber hello
I'm rich Evans yes nice
AJ bomber hey AJ bomb and then we have
Mike still closer and it's absolutely
correct nice nice so stuck Lassa is that
a family name it's my name okay yes
Oh Rose do that gets polish so yeah it
means drinker of beers
really yes it does oh my gosh she means
a crazed alcoholic No
means a dam like a farmer we who cares I
always thought it was a stage name yeah
you picked him Mike Smith stage I
thought it was literally a stage name
yeah it was actually Smith yes that was
taken that's kind of like a Smith
yeah inch and Czechoslovakia common
common name all right so uh so it's red
letter media people check this out I'm
in Milwaukee right now oh yeah I got
taken around yesterday we had a grand
tour of the entire city yes so sorry it
was great fun we went to the bobblehead
museum mmm they were very excited to
have a circus they had it they've got it
right up there yeah Macaulay Culkin
evening in your office now yeah that's
right always looking over you guys I
guess permission if we could film there
and I said I have called Culkin in the
car downstairs somewhat he wants to
point at all your bobbleheads
I like how they get so many crackpot so
you have a button under their desk I
gotta be it can't be too cautious at the
bobblehead Museum yeah exactly you never
know they said there's the only
bobblehead museum in the world that's
what they said the I I find that dubious
there's got to be another museum out
there somewhere I know there's a kind of
thing you would just assume anyone who
makes a bobblehead museum would just
assume it's the only one crackpot enough
to do it we're thing is they have the
like the Hall of Fame exclusive
bobbleheads which I don't think is true
like they have that logo on them right
that said like yeah exclusive to the
bobblehead Museum or something yeah yeah
it's on the box yeah it's not a sticker
either it's on the box yeah they
manufacture them or are connected to the
manufacturer or something I bet you they
have a relationship with bobblehead
makers at this point yeah
it's just good business so like you are
you you believe in ghosts oh I've had my
position made very clear minded skeptic
gotcha
yes you like watching those shows I go
sunjai those from like almost like a
guilty pleasure perspective where you
know as an editor I watch them and I
know all the tricks
yeah and and then I find some things
fascinating but then I'm also like okay
how do I know that that wasn't faked
yeah how do I know that they're this
person's telling the truth you know so
let's find out fascinating kind of
spoiler there they're not watched a lot
of programs come on
I've been to many haunted locations and
I've had zero experiences we've actually
done a ghost investigation yeah those
were never seen never aired we never did
anything with because everyone was too fucking drunk
we didn't accomplish anything
god
that's right brother
mansion here yeah which is the Brumder
mansion we filmed an episode of his best
of the worst there and while we were
there we dug out the ghost hunting
equipment that's right yes yeah you guys
don't have a spirit box do you no no no
I know I got I got to get a spirit box
for you guys the spirit box for those
who don't know cycles through radio
signals mhm and then when someone in a
in a van outside the production location
hits a button it makes magic voices
Satan oh my god
the production assistants typing in the
words that it wants it to say it so you
never know you could see you never know
so so I'm open-minded
which shows do you like which one I
don't even know these shows at all um
well I've been a fan of Ghost Adventures
for a very long time now it sounds like
a cartoon from the 70s it's a very bad
title yeah that was the name of their
first documentary where they captured
coincidentally they captured their most
amazing evidence ever their very first
documentary which got them their TV show
full-body apparition and quote-unquote
evidence like a brick a Brit launched
itself off the floor and they had an
actual scientist or a physicist come in
and go that's not it's not attached to a
string wearing a lab coat was like okay
and then they got their Shawn travel
channel I watched it still watch it
although the quality is dipped quite a
bit in the last 16 seasons delicious
it's like 16 seasons look in like four
years
no this is like the voice that
documentaries 2010 2009 maybe okay so
they've been doing it for a very long
time the best thing about Ghost
Adventures is the host
it's that zak bagans he's a character
yeah he's such a fraud but it's like
hilariously so he's like this this kind
of jockey dudebro type guy it used to be
more dudebro ish early on
they'd be like oh dude dude look on and
then right now he feels crazy you know
they're like they dress all in like
black leather and they look like a rock
band and it's a bunch of Criss Angel's
yeah yeah yeah yeah
that's how I always felt about art Bell
a wonderfully entertaining fraud that's
a skill yeah being that much of a
blatant fraud that takes Talent I didn't
care whether or not Art Bell believed it
was highly entertaining well yeah our
art Bell was always like kind of the
mediator he never really took a side
right yeah
he was presenting himself as a believer
in conspiracies and whatnot but you know
what like it like I guess I'm thinking
of George Noory more so it's sort of
like you can't he's just sort of like I
really don't believe you but I'm gonna
let you keep talking yeah kind of thing
because the crackpots call in and they
say the strangest things that's that's
another paranormalist show that rich and
witness um which shows this it's called
coast to coast am it's on a midnight
well is it a radio show yeah there's a
new host who's extremely boring when we
come back as a ghost keep listening and
hopes that they'll hear ya know
supposedly Harry Houdini's final trick
yes the secret word yeah I mean he just
he just died because he told his wife a
secret word and goes you know go to a
seance or something and they say you're
talking to your dead husband I'm going
to say I forget what it was you know but
it's been revealed now but if something
like just like you know breadbasket or
something stupid like that yeah he
weren't around the last part of his life
just debunking yes phony mediums yeah
cuz he was perfectly qualified he was a
magician yeah he knew all the goddamn
trick mm-hmm yeah from Milwaukee to he's
from Milwaukee really Houdini over a
scene or Kenosha
oh no not from Milwaukee you you fraud
oh yeah well you can also you know
walkie that's crazy
how do we end up in a lifetime of bad
decision life's a series of choices and
we all made something Jay went to school
up here and then we came up to visit him
yeah and then they never loved I was I
was there I was there we from originally
Shabba suburbs you seem like a Chicago
guy yeah yeah Hungary yeah you see they
give you a crew a crew member and a John
Hughes movie looking own oh I was too
poor to be at a John Hughes boom no no
criminal
totally Chicago teamster yeah the
characters of John Hughes movies are
very specific yeah oh yeah very specific
rich white kids who have no idea the
rich yes whose parents are really slick
terrible actually look accidentally
terrible or just just missing altogether
yeah that's a reoccurring theme in all
those movies I got sure so Mike's on the
phone no I'm looking up here Houdini
really quick he was born in Budapest and
it says family lived on Appleton Street
in an area that is now called Houdini
Square on June 6 in 1882 became American
citizen father moved the family to
Milwaukee and fell into dire poverty do
we know where Zach Baggins is from that
Baggins is from Illinois
Oh suburb ok just like you rich ya guys
have so much in common
the best thing about zak bagans is his
voice like anything he says I just it
just instantly makes me laugh he has
like this it's it's just like he has
triceps as gravitas but he just sounds
like I don't know like he's completely
full of it yes he laughs every time you
take a stage voice yeah well there's
pictures of him what's that the zak
bagans haunted Museum yeah yeah yeah and
there's all if you look at like the
promo pictures for it he's wearing like
a top hat and doing like these
theatrical like our movements oh my
goodness well Mike you're wearing the
sweatshirt the zak bagans museum
sweatshirt didn't write today yes yes
I've been there twice
JJ's been there once I was there you
know yeah horribly hungover when we went
but it was fun yeah it's neat it's a
neat place
um there's lots of artifacts and like
jeans cauldrons yeah that's the more
stuff I'm interested in not this
paranormal stuff yeah the true crime
kind of a yes you're a serial killer
section and yeah John Wayne Gacy
paintings that's cuz Logan's death van
there's existing John I thought they
burned all of the John Wayne Gacy
paintings dad John Wayne Gacy no no pull
of the clown like still exists
when they executed there was like a big fucking bonfire
oh man people were just burning his paintings
maybe he made a lot of painting
he didn't do a lot of time on his hands in prison
yeah Wayne Gacy also from Illinois
right
yeah
of course bats from the Midwest
yeah I know
they did a movie about John Wayne Gacy
starring Francis from pee-wee's big
adventure really pretty apt yeah yeah
seen it I'm sure it's terrible but that
the Gacy versus Dahmer movie no no
that's more reason okay this was like in
the early 2000s there was all these
directive video serial killer movies
like there was that there was a Ted
Bundy movie there's a beat what is it
BTK killer right I think it was one of
those because we're little trends
direct-to-video serial killer movies
yeah wait I just want to go back there
was a Dahmer vs. Gacy a movie yeah we
have the DVD we haven't watched it but
like a b-movie kind of like yeah yeah
I'm sure it's incredibly tasteful
I'm sure the subject matter of the
respect with the respect and the series
to the victims and everything yeah yep
considering their mutual interests they
should have teamed up maybe it's one of
those things where they start out
fighting and then the turns into like a
roadtrip movie or something comedy yeah
buddy comedy you kill Emma I'll eat them
they high-five each other that's the
that's the trailer line right there yeah
yeah yeah the end of the train you found
it right away
well Dahmer there's another person from
Milwaukee yeah there's a bunch of gems
about the Midwest and Wisconsin said Ed
Gein is from Wisconsin
- yeah so many serial killers I mean
that's literally true there are serial
killers are Wisconsin and rich mm-hmm I
don't know what the implication is
supposed to be
don't look at my basement my my dog so
uh rich
here you have a ghost story don't have
ghosts don't exist
it's an anti ghost story I know this
story might mention it the other day
yeah yeah we were like save it for the
podcast yeah if you're comfortable
here's here's my not a ghost story
because it ghosts don't exist after my
grandmother had passed I was I was still
living in her house but like we're just
you know throwing stuff out constantly
she was basically a hoarder and burning
all of her things we destroyed her piano
throwing all of her trash her life
possessions and it would anger any ghost
starting a dumpster fire with other
worldly possessions yeah she was
watching you from beyond the grave as
you smashed her piano in a monkey
costume it was actually true
you gotta do a monkey costume and I was
getting rid of all this crap from our
grandmother's house III asked Mike to
help me and and Mike helped me take out
my grandmother's old player piano by
having me dress up in a monkey costume
and then he just film me while I tried
to get it out like 700 pounds it was
huge and big and heavy and was like okay
do we lift it down these stairs or do we
break it into lots of little pieces
because we're just gonna throw it out so
I was like while we're breaking it let's
make a little short movie you break that
apart with a hammer in a monkey suit in
this fucking 90 degree July weather and
I'm gonna film it thanks for your help
I remember we got like the heaviest part
like the soundboard or whatever the fuck it is
if the second the second that ended up out on the porch Mike had to go
for that little video I guess it's quite
the sidetrack here but I was sure and I
was sweating and he's wearing clothes
and a monkey like snap yeah just like
start screaming at me trying to get out
of it was like this monkey suit for your
stupid monkey man project and I was
basically I was just sleeping on the
couch because I was fine with that but I
had recently started going out with Mike
my current fiancee and she was staying
over that one night and like like we
don't want to share a damn couch and
there's my grandmother's old room it
still got the bed in it his
grandmother's bed created grandma was
bad was that throat like wasn't like
gold or something the best everything's
good
you and your girlfriend climb into your
dead grandmother's better keep going
keep going
we slept in that bed that night not and
we both had dreams of my grandmother
being angry and demonic covered with
blood
no she had black ice oh okay I don't
know if you have black guys and Karen's
dream but it she didn't mind and you
know what that was a coincidence
my mother had recently died and we were
sleeping on her bed and it was in her
mind so that's the question
and the
it was coincidence but similar dreams
and Greek angry grandma scary was it
scary
sure mascara was a nightmare no we
should dream Caryn's was also a night
yeah okay well well usually I just you
know when I said demonic I thought that
was just implied usually you don't
usually have a pleasant dream about your
demonic grandmother never know she might
have pie just been like a little upset
and Karen stream like a what are you
doing she's the devil story interesting
like it was both on both of your minds
and and you both had the same dream
because you're kind of thinking this is
kind of weird yeah or from beyond her
Spirit said get out of my bed in her
wrong do you ever sleep in her bed again
no why what if it was just a coincidence
why would you not see for one it was
just weird we did this for practical
reasons like she didn't wanna we don't
want to both sleep on the damn like
couch should be falling off
it's like knowledge disturb tonight I
was asleep at the damn bed alright so
back to the monkey suit have you ever
done anything with the monkey man
footage oh yeah yeah we've made many
monkey man films yes it's like an
ongoing project well yeah I mean it's
stopped it's it's ceased yeah well we
filmed something with you in the monkey
man costume like a year to go for the
end of a best of the worst like we did
they do a 2001 parody where you're like
beating the tapes with a bone okay okay
it's a pseudo awesome suit yeah I think
so like no way no I think at some point
we had to get a new one I think the body
is the same but it's different head or
something
if you like some of it's still the
original suit yeah the first one we made
was called monkey man gets his right
yeah and I had it had your grandma in it
you should be so proud the record Mike
has a fascination with my family and
childhood
unhealthy fixation he would put my
grandmother in our little high school
movies whenever he could she was she was
so weird she was a very lovely lady but
she was weird it's just super weird but
you had a crazy like a funny voice you
know mmm I recorded her saying like all
these like bizarre words and I would
just kind of loop it in the background
and do stuff like that but yeah so you
know you're always been filming and you
like you keep like every stitch of
everything that's true yeah you like
closets of vhss and yeah yeah did you
ever do any snuff films snuff film yeah
yeah okay just you know that's paid off
though I'm holding on to weird old
artifacts that let's have the dick the
birthday boy pictures yes yes I'm
actually want to bring that up so dick
the birthday boy yeah explain to me
explain to me what happened do you
remember that magical day do we need to
explain the damn photo first do you
think I think we shed for the audience
there's probably a lot of people that
are familiar with the photo that don't
know them then it has any connection to
us or anything yeah it was on Ellen
that's yeah yeah on Ellen like it's just
if you I don't remember what is it you
Google like Showbiz Pizza bear it's like
the first thing that shows up and it was
unlike was that subreddit for like
cursed photos cursed images and also
awkward family photos yes not in one of
their printing printed cards but on
their website I always check it's taken
on a life of its own yes
so when I was a kid yeah the the the
standard operating procedure for
birthdays for me and my siblings was to
go to the local Showbiz Pizza and if you
don't know what Showbiz Pizza is it was
basically the the precursor to Chuck E
Cheese I was gonna say it sounds like a
Chuckie Cheese desk thing instead of a
giant rat they had a raka fire explosion
band but but you know the big guy in the
Billy bear costume would walk around
interact with the children
and so there is a Polaroid photo of me
on my whole design that photo like
probably five five five to seven years
old whatever at at Showbiz Pizza on my
birthday photo with me and Billy Bob the
bear I am wearing a t-shirt that says
dick the birthday boy why they made me
wear a shirt that says dick the birthday
boy I have no fucking idea who thought that was a good idea
it was done deliberately or ignorantly
I don't know
most likely ignorantly
yeah
it's just oh it's dick the birthday boy
now it's now
a phrase or an action it's
hypothetically possible that one of my
uncle's was just like snickering at
everyone else behind their back I got
this shirt that's a pretty horrible
thing to do maliciously to a
five-year-old yeah but the actual
Polaroid went after grandma died and I
was hoping rich clean all the garbage
out of his house you were throwing out
photos yeah like family photos in a
garbage can not a sentimental person and
I was just kind of done with that phase
of my shirt but I saw that and a handful
of others from that same birthday party
and a little bunch of the Christmas
photos and you opening up like Star Wars
toys and I'm like rich you can't throw
these out and I just took them did you
tell did you tell rich that you did that
are you just like just did you stole it
20 years later when you sprung that on
me I was completely shocked the long
game think about long game never know
those other Polaroids cuz I remember you
had them not that episode I have them
some there's some where and I'm not sure
what Smeg is holding my family photos
hostage yes I was gonna say yeah he's
gonna pull out another one yeah but yeah
put the picture ended up on Ellen it
ended up all over the place looking
again except I'm a robber you had an one
shows and then I remember seeing the
Ellen thing like yeah that's right at
this point it's it's gotten large enough
where people think that the that episode
where we show the photo is a reference
to the existing medic no that came first
no it didn't it was nowhere on the
internet to let we have a high-res scan
of it somewhere not scalable ways that
are floating on the internet or just
like a screen grab from that episode
yeah well we've got the actual Polaroid
fragment we got a framed on the wall
that's right oh really oh yeah I want to
see it I'm gonna go check it out
don't take it safe yes why don't you
make both make plans to what to do with
mine so yeah once it's in the trash yeah
yeah mmm fair game so you guys also do
like features and things like that
space cop of course say well how many
features have you made like for yourself
all in-house kind of thing uh well I
mean we used to do like amateur movies
and stuff yeah they didn't crap when we
were in high school I think crap does
the appropriate check you guys are
always doing stuff the first kind of
like I guess real feature would probably
be the oranges movie that you guys yeah
would you even consider that a real
feature it's proto real like 70 minutes
or more it's a feature look we've been
doing that since oh yeah high school
yeah I mean like some of these 60
minutes like some kind of horrible yeah
yeah yeah like but that's junk yeah the
ones where we tried to be more
professional or yeah that are the
recovered because like oranges like had
some kind of distribution and then sort
of the recovered yeah and then after
that I think we did feeding frenzy and
that that was sort of like where we were
just self distributing our own movies
yeah deal with though okay get your
posters made and everything mmm press
DVDs and just sell them ourselves hmm
the back of a van the crowd creepy van
you saw them out of the back of a
website yeah
if you want to order this movie you
gotta go to this filthy webbing blood
bar on the leg over the dripping blood
bar the websites a part of a web ring no
ring
you guys have been doing half in the bag
but since like 2010-2011 yeah something
that eight years yeah how many episodes
you in right now party something I think
is it I think so okay at 168 exact
number yeah I 100 less than 200 I wanted
to say J if we had a joke like eight
years ago seven years ago where we had a
season one of half in the bag and that
was like ten episodes and then we said
now it's time for season two and it's
been ever since and it's been ever since
season two's just wrapping up now we're
starting season three yeah just a 10
episode DVD and Leggio gonna order like
season 2 I think we called it like a
season 1 because we were gonna take like
a couple weeks off like a month off for
making episodes or something else or
like that'll be the break and then we
come back it'll be season 2 was that was
that we're making like timeout make
feeding frenzy was that what was going
on or no beanie Bruns used before that's
right that was before mr. plinkus Star
Wars review hole it was shot before it
but they're gonna finish it after the I
remember coming up to film feeding
frenzy and talking with you about yeah
the Phantom Menace review mother is the
there is the star of track reviews
before that yeah
you guys have any lost episodes like
something that you film didn't just
never aired for one reason or another
there's a professor the worst episode
yeah yeah there's a best of the worst
shoot that there was just like miserable
and we got nothing from it so he candid
was it was just busy were just generally
miserable it was the material you watch
there was both there was nothing there
was nothing to work with and now people
are gonna clamor to see this episode
even though no we didn't put it out
there because it was the worst thing
it's locked up in that Disney Hall so it
was it was the worst of the best of the
worst yes that's right see when people
say like I'd love to see just all the
raw screening room footage it's like no
have itself sitting there just watching
movie yeah just eight hours of that you
know that's why I didn't even exists
look we have a marathon today cuz I get
it I do the last time oh yeah I just
remember it's again ever since I got
here you guys were just like okay be
ready yeah yeah be really prepare people
yes be a long day mmm you'll probably be
miserable gotta pace yourself gotta beat
yourself come back you've worked so cuz
after six hours of movies you're Looney
you'll slap happy when it comes when it
comes a discussion yeah so it's like
yeah you don't want to do it the next
day
fresh episodes we did do it we watch the
movies then we film the discussion the
next we did so early on oh is that why
they were so terrible it is only like
20-some minutes long like it's less than
half an hour
mhm blows my mind there's now that guy
that X now they're upwards of like what
an hour 20 sometimes we try to put an
hour around an hour yeah we trim it down
as much as we can but it always just you
trim the discussion down to like I don't
know 4550 minutes and then you start
dropping in clips and it just keeps
growing it's a nightmare every episode
is a nightmare to edit yeah cuz you have
the eight hours of just raw footage of
just recording of people you gotta find
like the funniest 15 minutes yeah eight
hours yeah you you watch the screening
room footage or at least you used to and
then kind of like oh I used to go
through it make little markers like when
something but I don't do that anymore
that's just to Zhaan do you just take
the mental notes now or yeah I mean you
kind of remember mostly
some of the really foremost there its
screening footage and remember whatever
when laughed couldn't look at I mean
that's easy to find when you scrub
through the timeline yeah here's a
moment where the you just look at the
volume looking at a following file and
you could tell where richest laugh is in
the red you mentioned the Plunkett
reviews earlier and uh I found out
yesterday that rich Evans you were the
original blanket right yeah mm-hmm it
was a it was a it was a the Olsen twins
it was it was a college project yours
right yes yes it was a long time ago it
was like a final video for like an
filmmaking class of some kind and
there's all these like artistic like
lady on the beach walking and I just
turned in this garbage was the original
concept I know we we were digging around
with like children's films because we
thought they were hysterical yeah it was
just to integrate you with multiple kids
movies and we got a couple like the kid
with the magic guitar yeah and so
there's one part where rich is like kind
of singing along and then he makes the
guitar fly and hit you right in the
ghost makes like the guitar fly like the
other side of the room but we added it
so like the guitar flies into my face
but the majority of the stuff that was
the funniest was mr. blinken with the
Olsen twins there's an Olsen twins movie
and there are on the phones like the
Olsen twins they're just activated and
they're on the phone talking to somebody
called mr. to play it you know knows
plinkus I know I was playing us we
thought it was blinking and that's why
mr. blanket as mr. plinkus
and then I we just film film the other
end you know we took out mr. plinkus
that we play sit with me and I was
trying to be as bizarre as possible
that's how it happened you're crank
calling the Olsen twins in their movie
yes essentially you're asking them for
help there has detective agency
I can't find my pills you trash your own
kitchen for no reason the cabinets
faulty or something round around with
the wheelchair I think just like the
door the can just run with it cameras
broke wasn't scripted we just riffing
some of the back-and-forth was like okay
you should respond to this we had a son
likewise sure yeah
but yeah that was just and I was just
sort of the funny voice we did like I
remember just making fun of stuff yeah
and then yeah I did kind of keep going
from there or like was there something
in between that and like the Star Trek
reviews or we made the cleaning lady oh
the cleaning lady
it's the clue it's a cleaning lady God
mr. mr. plinkus
hire somebody to clean his house he had
some play might use also play with me it
was just another short we did yeah yeah
well you're supposed to hire a cleaning
lady and you were just like in a person
that wandered out of an insane asylum
and then you just go in his basement
just start knocking things over
oh no this Yeltsin twins one when you go
down the stairs in a wheelchair yeah
okay I just remember that and that was
that was filmed or was that just like
audio that was real oh yeah you fell out
of the wheelchair it's has a bad back
yeah cuz you like doing pratfalls you
like the physical comedy I can't do that
anymore Oh God and I've worn that ruin
my body
I've ruined myself filming their stupid
high school short player without any
money go fund me forever a new hip flex
goal I really could use a new back days
so yeah we're doing best of the worst
okay I know we're doing roar roar yeah
roar which I'm looking forward to well
we wanted to do but what are the other
ones are watching again we're watching
Hawk Jones which is like an action movie
starring nothing but children play the
adult roles I can't wait playing cops
and burglars and I guess lots of
children shooting at each other I can't
wait
I think it's shot on video and then
winter beasts which is about a a monster
totem pole I think and it's been on like
the wheel or the I know I've heard of it
like it's been on the wheel kind of been
like on the cusp of being watched many
times you're just finally gonna tear off
that band a it's gonna just do it we
always do that we'll have like a move
like roars another one we're like we
need to do something special with this
we need to set this aside and then we
just never do it we're like just watch
it yeah just we're just gonna keep
watching
are you tired of diets and exercise
programs that don't work yes so you find
that no matter what you do you just
never find the time yes
wouldn't you love to look in the mirror
and not hate what you see yes have you
tried not giving a fuck
shut up with not
giving a fuck
there are no diets to
follow no special exercises oh yeah I
mean yes if you're eating pizza at a
desk for 12 hours a day you should maybe
consider some small lifestyle changes so
you don't know why but if this is just
about how you look not giving a fuck is so easy
how Bernadin it requires you to
do literally nothing I'm doing it right
now
try not giving up fuck today because no
matter what society tells you about how
you should feel about how you look
nobody who matters gives a fuck and uh
speak of the wheel and on stuff rich you
actually build a lot of that that those
devices like the wheel is like a big old
lazy susan
essentially lazy susan mounted to a
table I found at the thrift store nice
yeah
you like working with wood i I you know
what I would have loved to have been a
carpenter yeah if I weren't being made
fun of by my friends on camera to become
a carpenter I made a poor choice you're
calling missed my calling
I've always enjoyed building the things
that we have yeah I mean some of it
impressive that plinky no board is
actually like it's quite massive
yeah totally gonna take you oh why did I
had to remake it once I was too heavy
right well okay the Mike wanted uh
Plinko board I play co-op link oh yeah
the price is right and you bought you
went out and bought for like four by
four boards from Home Depot yeah use
this as the base you bought you bought
something and they were comically heavy
mmm and so basically the the structural
supports behind the plank I don't see so
you didn't like Mike's wood no I hated
microphone
do you think way way way - I couldn't
handle all this I couldn't handle
couldn't handle the weight of mics what
okay okay so you switch over to your own
wood I had to build a giant framework
just to contain the weight of Mike's
wood all right all right
it just fell right over so you switch
over to your own wood I had to go get my
wood which is considerably you know
lighter smaller lighter that is thick
much thinner this way these sides on the
plank on a board that's just foam it's
really it's just styrofoam on both sides
we'll get some issues - with dropping
your balls yeah that's right they didn't
quite over it seemed quite well you
don't know us and don't know what the fuck the plinketto board is
it so the bolts are drop unevenly they were uneven
bolts at first you had a disk and then
well there's a trial and error basically
yes it was based more on the actual like
yeah like yeah like a Plinko board I
actually got a hockey puck and you drop
it down but just like hit one peg and
stop yeah I think early on it was a
hockey gear she kept that in what if
that good just stopped yeah is it a puck
in the first episode I think so I think
so oh yeah yeah I think it didn't we
have like a like a light you press the
button and it lit up it was kind of a
disc shape I think we dropped that the
first episode we try to handful of
different things and you know quite rich
except for Rich's ball Rich's balls
eventually worked hit every weekend
every prick on the way down with the
blue balls right the blue balls yeah
this is the probably low-hanging fruit
about your balls in your wood so uh I
guess what half in the bag is one of
those things where you just pretty much
we were just going to review things that
were currently out as opposed to I think
the original goal was to get him out
quicker than the Plunkett reviews right
yeah consuming yeah yeah well yeah and
it was more the idea of just doing like
current release movies yeah being with
topical yes yes we had lots of like
we're getting more subscribers and
when's your next video when's your next
video and this is well we should come up
with like a thing to do quicker and then
we came up this with this premise and we
called it half in the bag kind of
thinking like maybe we'll do other
things on the show like we could expand
them it wouldn't just be movies yeah it
would just be a you just expand the
format like a yes to whatever we want
because we don't want to call like movie
time Mike and J is something where we
were like pigeonholed into reviewing
movies but we never ever did that do you
remember the first episode we shot at
once before we even had a premise we
have the planket house set but we wanted
VCR repair man we were just in plank
it's house for no reason it was just a
backdrop you don't know what half of the
bag is what is it what is the premise
what is this what is the show or do we
you don't know rich Evans show a lot of
people don't know who the fuck we are
the mr. plinkett character was a thing so
it was like I think originally we wanted
to have rich in the background as plink
it just kind of in shadow and you were
gonna do the voice and I was gonna do
the voice and is just gonna be a thing
that's in the background it's like
somewhat related to the Star Wars Star
Trek reviews and we were just Mike and
Jay talking about movies and then the
idea came about at some point to have a
storyline and we're just like fuck it
let's have rich Evans yeah we can't we
can't do like storylines and skits and
stuff if we have plinking and shadow and
all the time
my grits and it would just take forever
yeah was that the first episode when he
kind of walks in with the Walker and
falls down like I think he comes in the
house in a wheelchair and yeah and he
falls and tries to get into is that the
first episode yeah okay okay yeah it was
like sucker punch or something but no
the first one was to ingest everybody's
forgotten about oh my goodness
yeah a couple a couple of gems there
let's yeah well that's it's the show's
kind of changed over time we're now it's
like what our bigger movies that we have
things to say about we're not just going
to do a movie because it's yeah hey you
have things to say about Aquaman even
before it comes out kind of thing okay
yeah I mean that's the big like
obviously the like you know Avengers
endgame or something like things that a
lot of people are discussing not just
whatever random movie comes out that
week which is kind of what it was in the
earlier days I think I just sit around
and just just talk shit about it
yeah
yeah
like I mean how much footage do you like shoot per episode
like you know how much of it like the cut
you like that kind of thing like I mean do
you talk for like an hour and a half and
then just use 3045 minutes we first up
so it was like 12 minutes first it's
like it was really short two movies
discussed over the course of like less
than 15 minutes which is insane to think
about now but we'll chat for an hour
plus you know sometimes hour and a half
and then yeah most of that will get cut
out so go on tangents and sometimes
we'll make something of those tangents
and separate little videos and whatnot
but yeah that's that's how I learned
about your love of ghosts yes it was
like a 10-15 minutes is tangent but a
about ghost Malone a ghost Malloy I love
ghosts
he opened the what box the Dybbuk box
the divet box
yes unless in the sack Baggins haunted
Museum it's one of the most famous
haunted artifacts yeah and you open the
box bad things happen yeah well yes
people die oh except for toast Malone
toast most it's funny that I fir back to
paranormal stuff those we I think we
talked about the the
zak bagans haunted museum live or they
did a life event
oh yeah where the the they brought in
did they bring in a rabbi or something
they brought in a rabbi
and he was, like, this whole show is bullshit
because the Dybbuk box was owned by like a woman who survived the Holocaust
and and she kept her like personal items in there and then she died
there's a story behind it um
and then the guy Jewish obviously he's gonna
bring in a rabbi um somehow it became
haunted somebody owned it I don't know I
don't know sandwich they made a movie
about the Big Bob don't like the
possession or something the guy buried
it in his backyard for like ten years
because everyone kept touching it would
die and that Dean's cauldron by the way
what happened they had to move it out of
Ed Gein's like barn and like there were
like six men that had to move it and
every one of them died within like six
months of moving it and they're all
varying ages or something cause he how
old were they had tuberculosis already
box if you open it up bad things happen
and then on a show they were like that
was the big like end event of the
haunted live was there and he's like I'm
gonna open it nope nope nope nope and
then he couldn't muster the courage then
somehow him and post Malone were playing
in their Museum and there's like a
security footage at post Malone's like
dancing and they open up the dipping
pots
so he's like post Malone wanted to come
over and run around my haunted Museum
how can you say no after post Malone
opened the Dybbuk box he was almost
killed like three different times
unrelated Lee even crashed the wheels
fell off his plane he got in a car
accident miraculously survived all
within like weeks of opening up the
Dybbuk box there is proof haunted
sandwich it's not proof though that's
just things that happen
I'm item I don't really think it's proof
would you would you open the divot box
though I don't know that I believe you
when you say that Mike would you open
the divot box yeah would you open it
come on would you to the question clear
got it right here inside of caution I
would not look is the one David bucks
it's their book in the trip right now
let's get out there yeah do you believe
it goes no no it's it's a pretty easy
answer yeah I'm with you on this just
look at I mean
if they've been around this whole time I
think we probably would have figured it
out we've been around for as long as
ghosts have technically so we've been
coexisting I think we would actually
have something a little more tangible
then oh my god it's cold in the corner
did you guys feel yeah yeah yeah look
did you hear that Creek while the house
settled like oh no I'm us it must be my
grandma you know yeah Jay what about you
no no no
and so you pretty much just indulge Mike
shows seem like they're entertaining
it's one of those things where it's like
I can't prove they don't exist I guess
ghost stories Samir fascinating and
haunted locations are interesting too
because there's so many of them and they
seem to be more or less random because
you think like oh gosh that that that
house looks like it's haunted but
there's no stories from it but this
place there's just tons of stories from
it specifically so it's like has
everyone been making up stories about
this one place while no one has decided
to make up a story about that place so
there's a pattern there a pattern mm-hm
and there are haunted locations
everywhere all over the world that go
back for a long period of time so I find
all that interesting i Mike I think I
think you I believe you when you say
you're skeptical but I do I do think you
desperately want to believe yeah yeah
you can't have a Mulder s kind of
quality coming coming from a sure sure
I've gone to lots of haunted locations
and have experienced very little to
nothing as you say you do the ghost
tours and things like when you're like
oh right like out of town yes and one of
the more interesting ones was the Queen
Mary the big ship in Long Beach mm-hmm
because you go go down to the like the
belly of the ship where all the steam
engines are been pulled out it's just
huge cavernous like rusty got to the
ship and there's all these stories like
that ship rammed like a world war ii
like vessel and killed like ten sailors
or something and says people here like
sounds of like people screaming and
water and stuff there's all sorts of
ghost stories um but then anything
happens like it's like it's so some
ghost tours or like just like regular
tours but like they're you know you
probably a lot of people just go to the
Queen Mary because they want to see the
the big old boat the ad goes to it maybe
get a whole different audience there's a
profitability - yeah like New Orleans is
full of those like yeah it's such an old
kind of City I went on a terrible one
where's a figure the name of the yeah
the the tour guide but he dressed like a
pirate but he was just wasted off of his
ass and then we met him outside of our
real estate office
like if he Emily you
like it was like oh yeah just give me a
second he comes back like with his
pirate outfit wasn't his real estate
office yeah I'm pretty sure you worked
there I think he totally forgot that he
had like a whole tour coming up because
he was yeah I called him whiskey Pete
because and whiskey Pete like took this
like I got to of like you know a couple
of locations I can't tell you how many
times he said the words yellow fever
over and over again and he took it he
took it literally to a parking lot at
one point like this was where a hospital
used to be and he sat there for about
eight minutes talking about what used to
be there it's like if you have you stand
still long enough you might hear the
ghost just like you it's like it's a
parking lot
it's a guy honk honk get out of the way
look at me it's like yeah like New
Orleans is full of those Gators looking
again but yet you like to denilla go
stairs they're fun there because I like
the Queen Mary's pretty famous yeah I
mean it's already pretty like you know
yeah it's a cool ship um but there's a
pool area that's not in use where I
guess a little girl drown at some point
and I've seen numerous shows where they
capture like the echoing little girl
voice talking and so it's like okay cool
they were down there don't hear shit
did that get piped in through a speaker you
know I'd be very similar to some random
sound it's something shifting and you
never know and so like yeah I want to
have that experience somewhere where
it's like oh that was neat you know I
felt something touch my ear or you know
something touched me at my arm and it's
unexplainable but whenever you go on one
of these tours there's always like a
crackpot who's lying on the Queen Mary
tour there's this lady and she's like
you know you could tell like she was
just making everything up she's like
last night in my room I saw a man
standing in the corner and he was
wearing like an old-timey bellboy
uniform and he walked through the wall
and right now yes shut up yeah
and you want to be highlighted you want
to be spy she want to be the special
person okay yours talked to you you're
attuned you know you're turned you're
special
yeah you're here Joel Osment you know
yeah so it's I'm the one here trying to
prove ghosts I find it all interesting
that's all that's all I'm gonna say it's
in the same category as like alien
conspiracies for me where it's it's fun
to just like listen to these stories and
documentaries I do air quotes and just
suspend your disbelief for a little
while yeah what is your thoughts on
aliens then yeah how do you feel about
aliens Ray's I I don't think they have
visited us but I do think it's highly
highly likely there is alien life
elsewhere yeah I know I'm with you on
that just that's just pure math yeah but
them but it's like what do they call
mass um not mass hysteria mass
groupthink no mass hallucination or you
know where it's like so ingrained in the
culture and I I think because it's
coincidence it's been going on for a
long time that these persist specific
aliens the greys are the big almond dark
eyes a very specific look to them why
does that keep popping off because
somebody says it and they've heard it
before and that becomes what you say in
its ways and creators and that's what
aliens supposed to look like
yes and when you have your hallucination
- the odds are what you envision the
odds are they probably wouldn't like
have like four limb mouths and walk
upright and you don't have like you know
we think in humanoid at humanoid yeah
yeah exactly they could look like
jellyfish or whatever like that you know
yeah I think it's I think once that kind
of got ingrained in our culture like
that's what you dream that you got
abducted by and let me tell ya and it
hasn't been like all through history I
mean it's only been since like
television and radio
really well almost watch the ancient
aliens cave drawings of
mmm yeah I mean III I'm like I watch too
like kind of like I don't really do the
ghost stuff but I do the alien stuff in
the same way that I like look at the
flat earth stuff you know like I love
watching those videos like Hollow Earth
flat earth do you guys like get into
these like kind of things at all a
little bit and that's more just like you
have to completely ignore reality to
believe that you know and that's see
that's what I mean like that if I'm
gonna do crackpots like I want real
crackpots looking at a flat flat earth
that has its roots in actually like
religion that's like a that's like a
people want to get back to the ancient
biblical view of the earth it's a it's
one of those biblical literalists things
like dinosaurs are real kind of stuff
yeah
mm-hmm
yeah
I love that
where the dinosaur like fossils are just put there to test our faith
right
that God did that to, like, fuck with us
especially it was
like why what okay look at God do you
have like I think now they're trying to
say that the dinosaurs died in the flood
Oh Noah's Ark Noah's Ark didn't have the
dinosaurs Oh cuz they were too big for
the Volta need a bigger boat have you
tried to carbon-date something then God
changes the numbers billion years ago
what was that one weird conspiracy video
we watched about the person who thought
this guy this guy is a it's like a big
painting or something he's a hologram
like oh so look there's that one they're
trying to explain it because of like the
the rainbow that you see in thirds lawn
sprinklers yeah yeah yeah what was that
well he was zooming in on the moon and
then he zoomed in on a stop sign and
because he could zoom in closer to the
stop sign that meant the moon was closer
projected in the sky it was like he
didn't understand camera perspective I
was like yeah the moon yeah you could
put your thumb over the moon like Oh
Paul 13 yeah but that does not mean your
thumb is bigger than the moon
oh you don't understand don't understand
no I know I love like the like this my
probably my favorite part of YouTube
there's like like these crackpots and
crazy people gonna just put up whatever
they want you know yeah
my favorite this is this this video a
YouTube video a woman on her lawn
pointing a camera at her lawn sprinkler
and she's pointing out like the the you
know the rainbow effect yeah yeah
putting in our water I think I combined
both those conspiracy videos into one in
my brain yeah the sprinkler thing was
different she failed basic high school
physics refraction I have this theory
that like the reason there are so many
conspiracies I think it's oddly
comforting for people Oh totally that
guys look it look it validates their own
kind of worldview and again like it's
like that thing with the ghosts so it's
like they're special I'm the one who's
figured out that the world is flat and
you know like an article just wraps
around us but if you look at like the
face value of all these like conspiracy
theories like government is controlling
you and there's aliens out there and I
don't know what they're gonna do i I
think that's more comforting that there
are these forces in control of things is
more comforting than we're just on this
rock and there's no one on the controls
and this is this empty horrible universe
there's always kind of like a supreme
bad guy or like this someone's trying to
trick you someone evil being in charge
of something is better than nothing than
us being out of control of our own
destinies comforting yeah knowing that
there's nothing out there and we're we
have free world spoken around but we're
going to each other and stuff whatever
there's just boobs in charge the
government they don't know what the fuck they're doing
or anything happens live
I like the moon's been a hologram was
since forever and that equals profit
quite like the conspiracies are worth
it's like yeah but why yeah this is what
your theory goes because NASA makes
billions of dollars just like that's
like snow they keep on cutting their
budget all the time look at it
I just want you to believe the world is
round because you see once the world do
you believe the world's round then they
can fill you balls about how the world
is round they can't do that the world is
flat
see that's the what about Flat Earth
that gets me why cover this up yeah why
there's no reason why yeah someone's
making a profit so yeah you see
someone's making money on someone
somewhere and that's disputable proof as
well that the earth is round all that
proof is fake it's all yeah yeah imagine
actually the that was actually true like
that one guy who reveals it and actually
has hard evidence of it like that person
would make lots of money and be super
duper famous and stuff you know yeah
like yeah just you think that like
because a lot of people who work for
NASA
and a lot of like you know like
independent contractors someone kind of
like you think one of them like they you
think all of them just keep the secret
you know and there's not one jerk-off
who gets drunk in the mouths off at a
bar or something like I mean come on
I have vindictive ex-wife or something
like come on looking at I don't think
people realize that you make your name
in science by changing yes the way you
see science yes Einstein isn't famous
because he told to the line yes
Einstein is famous because he had this crazy fucking idea about space is curved and relativity
yeah and it was something
radical and different and that's why
he's a big name it's not because he said
ya know Newton's right that's the only
thing that can be right mmm-hmm you know
yeah yeah but see that I think some of
these crackpots think that they're being
Albert Einstein I'm the one who
discovered that the world is flat
because check this out like you know
look at the horizon I don't see a curve
fuck you
I'm the best
I'm Albert frickin Einstein
yeah
my favoritest i found this great channel recently
i can't remember
the name of it right now but it's um
it's a it's all dedicated to bigfoot and
this guy is hardcore believer and I mean
he has like a hundred videos
honestly I think they're I think they're
harmless too but it's also this guy just
is like hundreds of them and anywhere
from two minutes like half an hour long
I just like yep and just kind of just
this it's borderline pseudoscience look
he's kind of using like you know some
you know just biology and you know that
could paleontology kind of things that
kind of stuff but at the same time you
could tell like he does not have a
doctorate at all you know he's just a
guy here to write a couple books like
you do it knows he knows how to
Wikipedia things I just puts it all
together
and I find it in for alling like you
know that I just I'll just binge watch
on a weekend or something that my
girlfriend walk into the room she
Bigfoot again I'm like yeah Bigfoot
again it's Bigfoot still god I I wish I
could remember the guys name but like 10
15 years ago tell me if you remember this
okay
there are these people that claim that
they had a Bigfoot corpse oh yeah yeah
and they they had a cooler full of like
ice or something and they had like like
some pictures that they were posting was
like a fur they had a press release and
one of one of the big famous Bigfoot
researchers spent like hundreds of
thousands of dollars to buy this Bigfoot
corpse often these people never actually
saw they said it to him
and it was a fucking Halloween costume
it was a goddamn gorilla costume
it was a actual gorilla costume
were they doing it for like a goof
or did they seriously want people to believe like
I think they're just fucking with the Bigfoot, like, believers
that's what i was wondering
like, were they just fucking with people that would actually believe that
or really trying to I think
that depends upon whether they gave the
money back okay well then you got their
famous the Roswell autopsy a back when
someone painstakingly went and shot it
on film and made this rubber Casa yes
where she looks pretty good for the time
like you notice of care for then that's
like in the 90s
yeah I mean they got like a fox special
out of it didn't they oh god yeah yeah
yeah bunch of specials getting a bunch
of specials all over the world about
that they they made Bank off of that oh
yeah Spira see upon conspiracy because
someone made of fake things so that you
could make conspiracy shows about it to
make money about it
do you think Fox gave a fuck whether or not it was real
they, they, Fox gave a fuck whether or not it was
there was enough there where they could claim they thought it could be real
so many shows were made about that footage
yeah
then someone like looked at the actual film print
and they were, like, yeah this was manufactured six weeks ago
this is film footage I think that Carter I think
it was a watch somebody was wearing oh
really that wasn't manufactured yet
that's how they get you yeah something
there wasn't the film they something in
the footage that guy but I mean we're
still like talking about that special
like 30 years later so obviously they
did something right yeah it's a they've
been proven as frauds now oh no totally
yeah I'm just saying it made it saying
oh no the film was too degraded but
there's one frame in there that's from
the real original footage I had to
recreate it the person one of the least
one of the people who made that is
claiming while I had to reshoot actual
footage because it was in such bad shape
a little bit there's one second of real
footage in there somewhere
somewhere find it now that I've been
only bringing that up now this is a
reflection that's special about the
faking the moon landing on like that was
actually kind of like yeah that was I
remember they actually kicked off like
kind of the modern day like you know cuz
it was always kind of like funny
speculation like you know people talking
to bars like that just didn't a cobra
like it oh yeah but that got remember
that one for the 90s is like you can
actually date like the modern
that's another one it was like YouTube
like like rabbit holes like I'll fall
into is the moon landing stuff which is
pretty great yeah so so do you believe
we've been to the moon yes I do yes no
really I believe the Stanley Kubrick
theory yeah of course yeah how can you
refute it oh yeah how can you flag can't
just float around and
yes uh yeah what in the wind on earth
yeah and they wouldn't have thought of
that these NASA scientists was that who
was astronaut said he saw aliens is that
Buzz Aldrin
no no that was me it was it was one of
the more obscure kind of like ones I
mean yeah yeah okay yeah I mean really I
mean how many astronauts can you name oh
boy I want to say was one of the alarm
strong Oh God
yeah see that's it Yuri Gagarin who is
that guy that's been on time in space
Larson or something like that
he was a loneliest guy in the universe
is a capsule yeah he had to rotate he
wasn't he went to the moon but wasn't
able to get to pick them up right so at
one point he was as far away from people
as he possibly could be because he was
on the other side of the moon from where
like his two buddies were earth was way
over there so you technically is
isolated a person is like it's possible
at that point the loneliest manner I
think was Larson something like that
Michael something yeah actually it was
it was a pretty straightforward yeah
emigrate she had more of a
straightforward name was like yeah like
Smith or Scott or something in trouble
though let's not forget Tom Hanks
Louisville Louisville Louisville thank
you yeah that's who Tom Hanks played
yeah yeah mae Jemison there's a guy who
just spent like a year at the
International Space Station those bones
got all brittle looking on stuff yeah
Crick Christine the teacher mechanic at
McAfee yes Christina McAfee Christine
McAfee the teacher that went up she was
an astronaut right that counts though I
mean she she dressed like an astronaut
should we have ended when we were
talking about the Showbiz Pizza bear
yeah
that's what you said - oh God
Wawa there's a Jeffrey Dahmer joke -
yeah it's kind of a shampoo does Jeffrey
Dahmer plug it your stuff
give me your Twitter's and your instance
and all that kind of that's an instant
yeah the the Tweety things in the
picture is you and all this information
YouTube and look up red letter media and
then you can find lots of people
stealing our content videos that are
biased but are posted by it they need
the ad revenue anything else like you
know like I said any socials anything
like that rich Evans you you probably
have some private ones would you would
you mind sharing the world I stay far
away from social media yeah you know
what is you have one of those like
asking for it faces you know yeah just
asking for trouble you know you should
start a Twitter rich and no worse things
is the dumbest thing yeah we're not
going to talk about that yeah we have
were to watch you know yeah get some
movies to watch to get a good a job to
do
yeah that's that's y'all you want a
really bug thanks for doing this I enjoy
Milwaukee knows it freaking still cold
it's made in wire it's really cold know
iiiiii I enjoy my time here but yeah
like I said it's it's May and it's
freaking 40 degrees and I don't know
what the freezing rain I'm glad we shot
that yesterday yes yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah we shot some stuff which you'll
probably see well probably be out before
this so yeah we pointed all over
Milwaukee mmm yeah so I got to see your
fantastic town we've got it the a little
bit before our one week of summer that
we get here yeah it was good it was good
stuff all right I'm gonna do an outro
later cuz there cuz it's awkward if you
guys are looking at me when I'm doing it
okay I want to talk about you guys
behind your back Souls yeah that guys
thinks a lot for doing this cool
so that was hilarious haha am i right so
uh yeah I think I put all the info at
the end of this episode
Shawn's sitting right next to me
actually no he's sitting right next to
me and yeah you know you told me I only
did the outros before it so I don't know
why I'm doing this okay
I'm Drude the voicemail of I
easy easy
oh oh it's me mr. blanket and you know
what today's the 20th anniversary Star
Wars The Phantom Menace so I'd like to
say now this is podcasting no seriously
though I called to say that I like this
show I don't love it
I said I'd like it anyway
I have to go now my dad is scratching up
my balls
oh shit
Macaulay I really didn't mean to
call you but hi while I'm here if I know
like if you've got the time on on your
podcast if you just I know just let my
girlfriend Allie know that I really love
it
that'd be that'd be super swell anyway
I'm gonna I'm gonna leave you be right
now girl you're a good guy pass my
name's Chris Oh awkward but bye
hey this is Macaulay Goggin I just
wanted to call say hi Tim Cole joking so
hey what's up bro what's going on
just uh just wanted to just say hi for
myself
Hey look stir man I love your show you
just call my show it's hogs story four
three zero two zero one four eight four
one I love you a lot
