Nov 13, 2019
Red Letter Media Returns - ft Rich Evans!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVJpQ20PsLk

"Bind me"
"Gag me"
"Take me to the bunnyranch"
"People dying"
"Kill me in the packing house"
"Even you have to win sometimes dear"
hey everybody
this is the bunnyeras podcast
I am your host Steve Urkel
I'm gonna be Steve Urkel this week
we have some returning guests
it's the the boys from red letter media we have a Mike's
still kalasa that we found it was a
family name yes we talked to all about
that yeah yeah gee barn
hello hey rich Evans yes rich Evans yes
and everyone's name a family name well
you never know you know I just left
maybe you picked that as a stage name oh
yeah yeah yeah you know just something
really nice and simple easy to pronounce
so uh I guess we should start with I can
deal with it I can I can deal don't you
get annoyed just when any song is stuck
in your head for enough nobody never
ever get tired of that you in the Jets
probably not going to get stuck in my
head I know I'm envious it's going on
for a couple of days now just yeah
Michael just start singing penny in the
Jets and it gets stuck the rest of the
day yeah yeah rich what about energy and
me I wish I had that ability to just let
songs leave my brain like that I had
another song that they these guys have
never heard of it's let them in wings
and Paul McCartney
then another no no no no no I think it's
similar kind of like overly repetitious
nightmarish song that night war burrows
its way in your brain won't leave I
don't know it so a burning question from
your last episode do pumpkins grow in
Florida Wow
someone just tweeted a picture at us of
a pumpkin truck coming from Canada all
the way down to Florida to deliver
pumpkins we don't have a solid answer on
that okay so you're not sure you just a
just one photo but it's on Twitter
saying they don't have yes I said do
they grow trucks exists and stories
exist and they bring them there and
people in Florida have pumpkins on
Halloween but do they is there a place
where they grow I think we got multiple
said I live in Florida and they do grow
here and then other people saying I live
in Florida and they definitely don't
grow yes we got so even people in
Florida don't know so they go so I guess
that's settled the the answer is maybe
well they definitely do get ones from
Canada at some points but that being
pump you can get pumpkins in the state
of Florida okay
pruning question it's not like you go
down there and ask for a pumpkin and
they look at you like you you're
speaking a foreign language they are
aware of pumpkin if we can get avocados
in Wisconsin you know it's a magical
world we live in but but world filled
with trucks carrying vegetables with
e.coli so uh so earlier you know last
episode we established that you firmly
believe in ghosts right uh-huh
firmly right I'm open-minded skeptic do
you think the studio is haunted no no no
do you want do you want to find out it
whether or not sentient uh sure
alright cuz I got you a gift cuz last
time I was here I uh I got Jade the the
Warriors best yes yeah so I got you oh
my god is very buff yes it is
that's so awesome speaker 2 it's an sb7
yeah they do not this particular model
you see the smile so a spirit box cycles
through radio frequencies at a very fast
rate they even have newer ones that that
gremlin I'm aware of the pseudoscience
okay you're aware of the mumbo-jumbo
yeah well okay goes like and cycles
through radio frequencies and so you
think well radio you're gonna pick up a
voice right but a voice or a sentence
sometimes multiple words will come
through and it's like you know how did
that it's like taking because radio
stations have word no that's my point is
that it's like you have a million
puzzles and you pull a piece from each
puzzle and you put them all together and
it makes makes a picture somehow you
know that's what how it goes avoiding it
makes a picture because it's designed to
do well do this I don't know rich I'm
not an expert capable of assembling full
sentences out of random strings videos
using it's it's your--it's energy to get
into the electronic device and talk
through it they've got nothing but time
so the odds of a sensory board or a
bunch of words coming out from from say
a hundred radio broadcasts at all coming
together and making you know I it's me
I'm dead you know like the odds of that
are astronomical so that's kind of how
spirit box well I cracked it open
earlier to make sure it works and it
does you can adjust how fast it cycles
through okay yeah and
the powers of the bottom right corner oh
oh I gotta hold it down for a couple
seconds it looks like a tiny portable
radio yeah oh my gosh
is that a ghost oh here he goes
no it's not sleeping yet so we get what
you do is you hold down here and I'll
show you the trick I thought the ghost
one and uncle idea or you hold down the
sweet they came to the right building
okay I'll just start cycling okay we
have to do a ghost thing now oh sure
yeah we'll do a ghost adventure I was
just - yeah it turns up the volume
apparently oh my god you do a and look
you can do a.m. or fm - so you what you
want to ask that session I just heard of
ghost I heard one is there a spirit here
with us
that would make me a believer and go
okay now it's sweeping oh you could
reverse we yeah I knew you'd have a ball
tell us your name ghost what is your
name lighter how are you how is your
ghost
this is amazing
thank you you got it yeah I figured
you'd have a ball with that thing this
we're gonna take this when we do our
ghost hunt and that's one of our our
upcoming videos figure out where we're
gonna go yeah I got all the equipment my
number one place would be the look at
that switch there for oh no and also
this that's how you charge it I would
love to visit the velasca ax Murder
House in Iowa it's pretty it's about
that's about eight hours drive I don't
drive that's fine a very special yeah
that's one of the most haunted locations
see now a round trip for about like
three hours of well you can rent it
overnight oh really
and and it books up like a year in
advance
obviously for October then after that
it's kind of easy to get there cuz
there's no I don't think there's
power heat so yeah you got to be hearty
and really into ghost hunting to stay
there overnight there's no bathrooms but
wait wait haunted ladies what's the
backstory it's called the ax murder well
then it's an unrelated name though
yeah well so there's a family there a
mother father I think they had four kids
and then there were two unrelated kids
sleeping over they all went to church
you know I went to the house at night
and they had the sleepover
I don't know and and then the middle of
the night someone went around and
methodically killed everyone in the
Attic thought he was hiding in the Attic
during the day to you know come out at
night and they never caught him and he
stayed there for a couple of days like
afterward even like eat their food oh
yeah I didn't know hear that but time so
they thought they caught the guy and
they're like yeah this is probably the
guy you know as 1912 I believe and he's
like I didn't do it and they thought it
was like this drifter guy and they
really didn't know who did it but
there's a lot of a lot of haunted stuff
that goes on there The Ghost Adventures
went there and he's at the Bilbo Baggins
one what host yes yes yes he's like come
at me bro he lays down and he has an axe
precariously placed above his head and
he's like he's like push that axe on my
face bro I dare you but they have a
really good like lockdown camera in the
in the baby's room upstairs where the
door just kind of slammed closed
violently well it was faked or not I
don't know and then I watched a
different goat Simpsons squish sound
effect your eyes rolling up a different
ghost hunting show set up like what is
it like electromagnetic EMP field
recorders right all over the house and
then at the same time a night when the
axe murderer was in the middle of the
night the they got a spike of
electromagnetic energy in the Attic
and then electricity in the house and
right exactly and a spike in the babies
really is the same it would followed the
same path that the killer took all these
spikes and all they don't know what well
they I think they did obviously it was
the path the killer took they he started
in the baby's room and I think he killed
the I think he killed the parents first
obviously and I get some of them in the
barn or something that is it this one I
don't know about the barn I think that
might be something else yeah but that's
a cool okay there's lots of cool
locations but that's tops on your list I
think so
that's the place that's the spookiest
for me well and it's realistic to get
there it's realistic to get there
there's there's places here in Milwaukee
but they all suck
some of them are bullshit
Ghost Adventures haven't come here for
their serial killer episode Bachelor's
Grove Cemetery yeah that's uh that's in
down in Illinois we came out of the
primordial ooze yes Ghost Adventures
went to Bachelor's Grove Cemetery yeah
huh
they caught the mysterious floating
light in the in the woods the whole area
was surrounded by cops nobody could get
in there and then they found the goat
the floating lantern they couldn't
explain Bachelor's Grove Cemetery has a
lime pit and it's this this murky water
that goes down very deep and it's
rumored that the mob would dump bodies
there because Al Capone used to hang out
there and lime will dissolve the bodies
there's there's supposedly a car at the
bottom no one's ever gone down there so
that that's adds the haunting and
there's a restaurant called Jack Gibbons
Gardens from the 30s around the corner
Al Capone used to hang out there there's
a lot of mob activity in Chicagoland
area I could talk about this for a while
I did yeah I won an award for it
actually prestigious high school class
award I was a film and video maker award
I did a little video piece about
Bachelor's Grove and why it was haunted
and I had a special effect in it
i Ketan of the flow because people say
they see a house ghosts evidence oh my
god I clearly wrote recreation on the
bottom I filmed like a little house and
I chroma keyed it in like made it a half
opacity and because people say they see
a spooky house floating above the lake
there's a lot of stories from there too
I just love your love of ghosts or ghost
hunters rather yeah I do enjoy it I'm
fascinated by it I can tell I just you
know want to have some kind of ghost
experience someday and I know it's never
happened for your sake I hope it does
happen thank you I'm pulling for you now
rich you believe in Flat Earth
hello and welcome to meditation minute
I'm your guide
Louis Prada think of me as your personal
chef who ensures that you night lease up
upon the succulent flesh of serenity
some of my most attentive
some say obnoxious listeners took to
social media last week to let me know
that my previous episode was not quite
up to my normal editorial standards
turns out in my haste to cut the episode
recorded and published I made a few
mistakes I feel I've broken your trust
so I want to begin the healing process
by issuing some Corrections and
retractions at around the 30-second mark
of the episode I misspoke when I said
that a global cabal of the super-rich
are planning to flee the devastating
effects of climate change by seeking
refuge on a moon colony what I meant to
say was breathe in I have never been a
world champion at anything let alone
meditation as far as I know no such
designation even exists and if it did I
would be staunchly against it self-care
is not a competition but just know that
if it was I would be the champion of it
I'd like to clarify that while a mind's
eye is definitely a real concept a minds
pink eye is not but it's probably a good
idea to keep fecal particles away from
it all the same to the listeners I
offended when I called them out by name
and said offensive things about them I
am sorry for not including your home
addresses and social security numbers
you fucking asshole
you know who you are
because I called you out
by name at the 1 minute and 18 second
mark I claimed that with enough
meditation you'll be able to levitate
objects with your mind what I meant to
say is that you could pick them up with
your hands and look at them and then put
them back down it's not so much
psychokinesis that is just basic human
dexterity finally I didn't mean to imply
that meditation was a scam it's a
definitive effect I hope that cleared
the air so we can now move on to help
you find the serenity you seek my name
is Luis Prada and this has been
meditation minute namaste
no I don't know I know I'm actually
fascinated with a flat earth like people
and like I I'm constantly almost I'd say
about three times a week I type into
YouTube yeah like flat earth something
I wonder face where I was fascinated by
I think I'm over it now yeah I'm over
flat earthers well they probably only
have a limited amount of talking point
arguments to be made yeah okay I think
the weird thing is I think it's fair see
like there's no motivation no cover the
globe that's every single one you try to
figure like it's like pull why yeah why
they don't want you to know about the
blue yeah why science grant money they
can also make grant money studying a
flat earth like to what end
also of everything airline plot pilot in
the world would have to be in on it yeah
oh yeah cuz otherwise it wouldn't make
anything look my stepfather's a pilot
and he can't keep his mouth shut and
he's looking again he he likes to drink
hard and all that kind of stuff and it's
like there's no fucking way that like you can keep a secret like that
Christmas he's gonna have a little too
much and expose the truth that's what
I'm saying I'm pretty sure you know mark
can't can't keep that secret you know
yeah so uh Mike and rich actually kind
of came up with an idea for a movie
yesterday yeah the uncanny valley
there's a new world war ii movie
starring james fucking bean yeah yeah
it's not it's not out yet they had to
get attention for their sleazy project
so lay it out instead yeah we looked at
the hundreds of actors the only one we
could find that was right for the part
was James Dean it was not the right
actor for any part because he's fucking dead
he's dead
who's making this film
I had never even heard of the film
makes Sam think I think that's why they
did this by attention for their their
dumb Moo
again I doubt they're gonna follow
through with it look how much back well
it's gotten a lot of it well it's so
sleazy
yeah if they were at least honest about
it or they're just like yeah we're doing
a gimmick like I would at least respect
that a little bit even though it's still
weird but the fact that they're trying
to say like he's the best actor for the
role he's not an actor this is a
computer you're making an animated
character basically only did three
movies anyway small sample size yeah
yeah but an actor makes choices at a CG
creation can't make choices so he's not
an actor
Touche or or they cast somebody and that
person acts out the role and they put
James Dean's face on him in which case
that's not James Dean acting yeah we
were saying they probably have to be
like three credits for James Dean's
character yeah be James Dean it would be
the body actor and then the voice actor
yeah and then the CGI artists yes
exactly yeah the wall of CGI oh yeah
yeah the five hundred people that are
bringing James Dean to life that will
never get credit for it
mm-hmm so the uncanny valley you guys do
you guys pitch it righteous and we had
an idea that let's just make a movie
starring nothing but dead actors that
celebrities and the uncanny valley is a
futuristic theme park that you go to and
I guess there's hollow projectors like
Star Trek right um and they project
Holograms of your favorite dead
celebrities for you to hang out with you
know go swimming in the Marilyn Monroe
Rose Presley
go see a concert by the the Rat Pack
whatever I don't know and and they can
look the CGI doesn't have to be perfect
right because it's the uncanny valley it
makes sense in context of the movie it
could be really good yeah but you know I
that's why I don't think they can pull
off the James Dean thing 100% Oh I mean
five seconds well yeah I know yeah maybe
we'll get across the uncanny valley and
then then you know they they were kind
of close with Peter Cushing but then but
then Carrie Fisher well then Peter
Cushing talked
Butyrka they look great when they're
just still when it's just their face
when they start talking that's where you
really notice like something's off
the mouth and I don't even think Peter
Cushing and in rogue one was that kind
of putting Mia yeah me too yeah it was a
little little too uncanny valley look at
me but it's like a little yeah
close but not look like a code rooms and
that was like I don't know probably
thirty seconds of footage of them have
after all said and done you know Linda
Hamilton and Edward Furlong that looked
really good in the new Terminator movie
yeah that was that's it's less like a
full CG I guess like Edward Furlong that
can't just be D aging oh no that's all
they got thing and same with Linda
Hamilton they got two body types that
very closely matched the body types of
the actors from 90 to 93 whatever anyone
and then I think they basically deep
faked some kind of CGI face but it looks
really good it looks good so you don't
really see him talk much like Linda
Hamilton's just sitting there's no
talking that the mouth here Edwards for
long but he's like really far away on
the camera when he's talking it's gonna
like off cameras okay man yeah they were
smart they knew how to do it yeah don't
show their mouth because it's fake CJ
I'm also he's but anyway uncanny valley
yeah um keep so imagine many scenarios
or you can hang out with celebrities who
have long since passed at this resort
and then a storm comes in and then that
you have the big computer server tower
that controls everything and lightning
strikes it cheapskate company they
cheaped out when it came to lightning
rods got to be the heroic safety
inspector yeah doesn't have enough
lightning rod exactly the check that
they didn't listen to look at yeah yeah
it's fine don't get thunderstorms and
California and so that fries the
computer system that's controlling the
celebrities in the alternate and
Psychopaths Jurassic Park yes Jurassic
Park yeah it kind of starts out like
West world yeah I have watched the HBO
so but the original movie West world oh
sure yeah oh yeah I guess someone got a
little like a western town and there's
different areas it she and Scratchy land
go there and then it turns into dress
it's a very unoriginal idea no I think
it's fantastic
it's originally that's an old classic
yes so what were some of the scenarios
we came up with well it's just he's
gonna start like killing people yeah I
didn't know how they died our first one
was that they they try to leave the park
and they you know they steal a car but
then they realize they're being followed
by James Dean who's trying to ends up
crashing his car into a light post yeah
don't use the toilet cuz then that's
where Elvis is gonna get you starts
feeding you like fried peanut butter
sandwiches thousand of these so they do
they kill you the way they died is it
like
remember I said Kurt Cobain as a shotgun
okay okay
oh no Marilyn Monroe gets killed and it
turns out it's JFK oh she just tries to
keep on shoving pills down people's
throat yeah yeah no we're doing a twist
where he's secretly assassinated her cuz
that's this conspiracy no because she
knew too much
she knew about JFK's yes or ghosts
Oh turn on the spirit box Marilyn are
you here in Milwaukee our studio is
haunted by Wyatt Earp and Marilyn Monroe
would you give us the rights to you
that's that's how I'll prove it in court
later after movies man yes we'll get a
judge that's sympathetic to paranormal
activities the honorable zak bagans
judge for a day bro sorry sorry Bob let
me know if you're really here just hit
that gavel for me would you
big floats with strings oh yeah who's
the equivalent of the t-rex oh he's like
the big baddie Marlon Brando baby he
just he gets even fatter in the
afterlife smashing through doors
juggernaut there's an extra problem with
a projector he just keeps getting bigger
so not like physically fair just it's
just distorting him the original
recreation actually of Marlon Brando is
young Marlon Brando oh oh
the nivo malfunction he just keeps
getting fatter older yeah he turns into
is an x-men character the blob yeah yeah
he starts looking like that and just
like rolling around the park trying to
choke everybody with sandwiches and
fried chicken this is a movie Martin
Scorsese would call cinema I'm gonna
ruin everything you love Marty we're
taking down the legacy of every dead
celebrity with us I'm sure their
families would be totally fine with it
yeah you just give him a check Gene's
estate they're like yeah fine put put
James Dean in your lab you're gonna give
us a check he's gonna be a psychopath
trying to kill everyone would like the
the the matrix when it gets scrambled
wood wood wood dead I guess dead bad
celebrities be good then like like
famous serial killers things like that
I guess you're recruiting like Ted Bundy
yeah yeah yeah that'd be a twist if like
Ed Gein turned out to be helpful but I
guess there wouldn't be a program for
them anyways cuz who would want to go to
resort and hang out with actually
there's a there's a quick Jeffrey Dahmer
you have to eat Marlin it's like the
conclusion of Jurassic world where the
two dinosaurs a big steak knife and a
fork we don't even need human
protagonists in this movie you can just
all be the holes you see the family
that's a little family disappear halfway
through the movie who cares yeah you
need a heart Jay you the heart of the
story and then you can abandon it
halfway through like those kids in
Jurassic world you need a mother oh then
we're never gonna mention that again
father works in Washington and he's
flying to get to on the uncanny valley
you can have the wife of the dead
celebrity visiting the park with her new
husband oh oh there you go I like it
yeah but you also you have to use
someone who's recently dead though or
make somebody up yeah yeah yeah there
needs to be a thing - were you there
they have to try to escape the park like
Truman Show kind of situation
you have to shut down the mainframe
right
yeah
but because but the it's your
and your exits are all blocked that's
how the the James Dean car crash happens
in the beginning trying to trying to get
to the like cabin in the woods right
yeah holographic tunnel and all that
well I I pitched also yesterday look I
would show up and I'm trapped I'm just
like you the party in the hotel room and
the door opens and jump die at some
point during the film and then the
matrix depart I'm an imposter Mac yeah
I'm there there's like there's a younger
me
oh the younger you mm-hmm
that's like each other be greener it's
Jim and I invite the younger yeah you
have to fight Kevin McCallister pick up
an eleven-year-old that would be great
what would you do if they wanted to have
like a CG version of you and like home
alone six holy Brian Johnson was
directing it how many zeros are on the
check so many things you can do with
this amazing concept this amazing
technology to bring back dead select
right that's what they were that was the
most disgusting thing about that article
about the James Dean thing is when
they're like this opens up so many
opportunities for our our celebrities
that aren't with us anymore
yes, yes
you fucking scumbags
you know we won't we need more
Burt Reynolds that's what we need look
yeah yeah it's not gonna need new actors
let's just create old ones that's a
creepy precedence to and that's the
James Dean thing is like the worst
example of it yeah yeah but I think we
talked about that we talked about the
new Terminator movie you know it's like
yeah we don't have any new ideas we'll
just recreate stuff from 30 years ago
all they gotta do is to make a new Star
Wars film with a young Harrison Ford
Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher and
everyone will love the idea they'll do
it yeah you do it like some kind of
adventure that took after the Jedi or oh
yeah or in between youngin 4 & 5 a
little bit of gap there right yeah I
think is the whole gear goes guy there
ya know sold greenlit episode 4.5 right
I'm Johnny I'm actually shocked they
haven't tried that yet I actually am
yeah I think I think the key word is yet
yeah yeah we're we oh yeah they want to
do their new trilogy and now that that's
physically now that's when they start
digging up stuff like that those ideas
that'll be that'll be the future we'll
say remember when they used to use real
people in movies it's possible it's
possible but getting they gonna use real
people they shouldn't put other
celebrities face on them
okay that's gonna happen
so are you guys excited about a Episode
nine yeah
to be fair I haven't been excited since
the prequel era oh yeah like even even
this the the JJ Abrams I like I agree to
the new ones with mild curiosity mm-hmm
you know opening weekend or anything
like that
hey well I went for work I probably
wouldn't have otherwise really I would
have gotten around like eventually I'll
see you
that's your yeah yeah digital download
or you wouldn't have even seen a Revenge
of the Sith if you weren't o physically
forced to go oh yeah that was that was
different entirely because I acted like
I still say to this day that Attack of
the Clones relative to its budget is the
worst film ever made
like like yes some of the crap we watch
on best of the worst is worse yeah but
anybody costs pennies to make that spend
two hundred million dollars things yeah
but what about that factory scene though
we was it was so complicated it's pretty
wacky yeah that's what I think of Star
Wars that's what I think of go whack a
conveyor belt Looney Tunes nonsense
yeah how could you not love that dude
it's wrong with you r2d2 flying
I'm just scowling right now I'm Scott
let's go but how about how about you
guys excited about 9:00 you have
anticipation like GG Abrams back I think
each film is just curiosity rather than
oh yeah and like I'm kind of like I'm
not really excited about it but I'm a
completionist so going well you have to
see it yeah that's the thing too it's
almost like feel like a hypocrite or
something
I gotta see it just to complete it but
the first one I was excited about you
know that's the interesting thing is to
see how like perceptions have shifted
just in the matter of like what three
four years now yeah we're all like yeah
force awakens is like oh okay this is a
good start to a new a new thing it feels
like Star Wars just now do something
different yeah and they did something
too different but it wasn't too
different it was just
wasn't good yeah like you know look you
see the Marvel movies they do a rich
variety you know like here's a spy
thriller here's all kinds of like weird
origin stories and all that kind of
stuff
look at and like there's like
20-something movies in that but it's
still like I'd say there's only a little
bit of Marvel fatigue starting to set in
whereas like Star Wars like they got
like four into it everyone's like now
we're done yeah we're done well that's
what's interesting when you hear people
say like oh they're just releasing too
many Star Wars movies too quick and then
yeah you look at Marvel and they've had
no problems releasing like three movies
a year yeah exactly so no I think it has
more of a question of quality really
than anything else well anything what
can happen when somebody confident
behind the scenes as a plan yeah I think
that's the biggest thing is has a plan
that was the most shocking thing before
last Jedi came out when I don't know if
it was Ryan Johnson or JJ Abrams one of
them mentioned like yeah we had no idea
what we're gonna do with the next movie
I was I was worried before force awakens
came out when JJ Abrams like wasn't
doing the next I'm like wait a minute
yeah why isn't there a consistent
visionary yeah why is the poison Derek
at someone captaining the ship
yeah
yeah
other than Kathleen Kennedy
yeah well
I've seen some people say like well the
original trilogy wasn't planned out it's
like well yeah but that also wasn't it's
not what Star Wars is and how it was a
fluke yeah and Return of the Jedi was OK
at best right like yeah that wasn't I
know George Lucas has said that no where
I had all the stories planned out
which is bullshit
it's a lie
but that's that's forgivable
because it's like they made Star Wars
oh it's a big hit
let's make more
but, yeah
well, I see people the road
the first script and so he had material
left over well yeah it wasn't like yet
like I don't think it a nine Episode
sweeping saga yeah his first script for
Star Wars is all three movies it was
like 700 pages long I can't do that
check it out and it's like he had things
like he had a character in the original
his name was mace windy you know so it's
like oh no for real and so that's true
it's true and so they ain't cut that so
he used the character you know he had
Samuel Jackson and mine yet nothing to
do like nothing to do with that like
what that character ended up being he
just used the name because he said he
spruced it up with it with a you instead
of a why
coke culturally has Marvel replaced Star
Wars oh yeah mhm kick kids don't know
generations yeah a whole generation yeah
the young younger kids yeah can't Stuart
hmm just the the toys alone
yeah our worst toys are just like no
kids play with those you know just those
collectors pretty much like you know
just the adult collectors look at they
want a mint in box but that's pretty
much it like you don't really know the
game that's not allowed kids it you're
always on clearance yes our worst toys
yeah good cuz it's so like beige and
blah like all those characters you know
what I mean they literally wear beige or
black yeah like that's it looking at and
like Star Wars this is vast world my
universes culturally Marvel has replaced
Star Wars I agree with that yeah and
it's like it's on it's on its deathbed I
said I'll see what happens with episode
9 but I'm holding my breath but I'm not
going the opening weekend no you guys
have to but we're not in this is
important to mention we're not going
into it like wanting to hate it no
reason to see what they do I hope they
pull something yeah there's a reason why
you're so critical of it a lot of times
you love it so much well it started as
something special and we talked about
that like the original three movies the
reason they're so well liked is cuz they
were just good movies yeah and now it's
like you're either preconditioned to
hate it because you don't like what
Disney's done with it or are you going
to just loving it because it's Star Wars
and there's like no in between where you
can be critical of it at all well
they're just like some of it was good so
it was bad yeah there were some people
that were Mattos cuz we didn't hate the
last Jedi more which is just so bizarre
I fucking hated it so bad so hard
I appreciated that it was trying to I know
supporting expectations is although
there's a participation badge though you
know you gotta do something different
and you're trying to try it but he
didn't replace it yeah it didn't work he
didn't replace it with something new and
interesting
mhm it was just all those things that we
last movie just kidding nope mm-hmm okay
but what are you doing knew you could
get away with that with a couple of plot
threads yeah but lose the whole movie
just ended so badly yeah it's really the
ending like everyone complains about the
low-speed chase you know with the ships
I'll actually like that that didn't
bother me at all running out of fuel or
whatever and it was neat
but then everybody's like coming and
going you know and there's like logic
gaps where it's like when and why don't
the escape pods have have warp speed
Lightspeed you know x-wings have lights
baha'i per space yeah like you think an
escape craft would have hyper speed
because you're escaping something seems
like the most common thing you install
but they're going like five miles an
hour and they're being picked off left
and right mm-hmm
what an escape speeder put sorry escapes
me but Lightspeed on those escape crabs
I didn't understand was why Laura Dern's
character like just wouldn't explain to
- which is y'all right here leaf or like
story for drama
for no reason look you know look no
wonder he's mutiny I don't know you and
all of a sudden you show up and now you
know again just to make any sense where
all the stories are supposed to blindly
trust other people yes exactly yes
leader it was all so weird when you get
to the end of last Jedi and like Poe
Dameron introduces himself to Rey and
you're like oh yeah we're at the end of
the second movie they have no idea who
the other one is these are our
characters raised too busy running with
their lightsaber out yeah burning up that fuel cell
oh, shit
it's out of power
Snoke yeah and then yeah I think the big
crux is like the heart of the story is
Rey and what's that guy's name kylo Ren
Levine Adam Carolla Adam Adam Adam what
driver Adam driver yeah her in the
neighbor MacGyver had seen though when
they team up even though they should
have fought the guards see that's
another thing I think I went over all
this I think everybody's gone over
everything in the last day you fight the
guards before you kill smoke yeah you
fight the guards the guards you kill
them all they're like that's what you
would expect after Snoke has died if I
were a guard and my job was to guard a
guy I was now dead I'd run yeah by you
wouldn't just blindly fight these two
people that you don't know anything
about especially when the guy you're
fighting is probably gonna be the guy
who would be paying your next paycheck
yes exactly yes yes I would bow to him
you have tits like you did my lord right
someone go overthrows the king and you
know I'm on your side now I'm working
for you yeah or it's just show like
there had roll on the ground and it's
got like circuits in it they're robots I
don't know who are those guys
Riley why do they keep white I'm just
gonna fight to the death just because
that's like stuff like that and then and
then there's the great team-up moment
you know that's where it should have
ended I'm sure we talked about that I'm
still mad I'm gonna keep going whoa why
because I mean the whole moral of the
story was it's like or at least in part
like they're raised like story was that
the go like Luke was trying to teach you
that no it's not black and white it's
not just good guy bad guy who's there's
a gray area in there that's kind of what
he's pushing yeah there are no more
Jedi's like that kind of thing and you
don't want heroes and villains and your
movie about heroes alone yeah you want a
career yeah well it's just like I
thought I thought that could have been
neat when it comes to a right okay we
had Alan Moore write it and went on the
gray area so
yeah
it would be fucking amazing
exactly
they would never do that
see, like that like ray should have gone with rylo ken
yeah
or, when he held out his hand
well, that would've, that would've
please hand the keys you polish that's
what you bring of the credits
it's like, okay dude
nice, nice cliffhangers
that would've been a legit cliffhanger
and I would actually be
interested in watching yeah it's also
that and like you think that maybe she's
taking Luke's lessons to heart yeah
maybe it's like oh maybe like you know I
can bring it there's somewhere in the
middle you know if we him and I rule the
Galaxy together yeah there'll be a
balance there yeah but no but then it
just sounds with yeah good guys bad guys
in kailua and yelling mmm hologram Luke
Hamill yeah force goes to Billy Billy
Mays
it's like Billy Mays yes like a full
full brown beard he's totally different
than a yes uh his lightsaber green hair
zebras green because he look at like cuz
he actually had a blue one like he got
his old one back yeah I think it was
three and then anybody was a force ghost
yeah it was green I think you're certain
kind of toes when the force goes right I
think it was was a blue that was the
weird part because he has his he had his
Jedi saber the green one when he tried
to kill kylo Ren hmm and then obviously
Rey has the original you know the Darth
Vader lightsaber and so in the in the
hologram version who's blue when the
souls like why is it blue it should have
been green look she tried to hand back
his old lightsaber there was another
hand yeah the first projection Luke was
using the Anakin lights yes yeah exactly
so it's really obvious that something
was fishy going on there
Kelly Rendon put together because Carla
run our major villain is a complete
dumbass yeah at the end of that movie
did not do that character any favours no
which sucks cuz he's been the most
interesting character yeah and he's
always like the big bad he's our main
antagonist you know from now on it's
actually but now he's my main antagonist
the upper because they're at least smart
enough to realize they fucked up kylo ren
know what it's gonna be fun
I don't know one day I'm looking forward
to even if yeah I don't care how it's
explode bet you I bet you we get less
than five minutes worth of that
I think that that's just a big tease for
all of us good thing you know what our
beaks know yeah get us all excited well
looks like we yeah one it was it the
first teaser trailer that ended with
like Darkrai they called it where and
you're like that's gonna be five seconds
in the movie it's gonna be a dream a
scream a vision it's not gonna turn evil
in there and if she was they wouldn't
put the tree unless they do time travel
in an older race please don't ruin this
like universe even more by adding time
travel universe isn't ruined for 20
years I know bears at this point I root
for now yeah okay you're gonna roll back
the time travel prediction a little I
think I think we're going with alternate
dimensions oh my goodness I got it we
got all those stardestroyers like
floating around in some kind of weird
blue lightning realm and they're right
where these can ride Outsiders yeah
there's an oxygen atmosphere where I
think I think the Emperor just who went
to an alternate dimension and he thinks
horses can run around in space I don't
think it's me sources should be like
space balls when they're climbing the
ladder to rescue the princess now
alternate alternate dimension and the
Emperor figured out a way to open a
dimensional rift and hide 150 star
destroyers okay and he says long have I
waited you know since he's hanging out
there he guys he has a new throne with
spider legs on it and he's gonna he's
gonna come back and they found out where
his dimensional rift is opened it's like
then the the ruins of the old Death Star
this also that's the key that's the key
it's so so stupid it could be true
that's true it probably it's probably
true but it just sounds stupid well how
else do you explain it star destroyers
phone unless they're in like the upper
atmosphere of a planet like with
lightning floating around and they're
hiding in a planet good gas giant
something like that no it's an it's
clearly on the outside of a Star
Destroyer and you see multiple star
destroyers floating around and it's in
that blue lightning realm I
haven't seen anything since we did our
predictions video oh yeah I know I just
don't care there's been 13 trailers
since then yeah I wish the first one but
yeah I haven't seen the other nobody
wants to believe this but I really do
not care not even and just like like I'm
curious to see how they'll try for you
to do just a shitty but just to shit on it
like you're not even interested in
that not really no I'm just done with it
yeah not another shot in Freud no kind
of way I mean you know what I want the
Star Wars fans to like it it's not even
shadow freighter I hope how they like it
yeah I mean I don't I don't hope people
dislike it I just millions of people to
be miserable yeah exactly that make a
jerk
spirit box not diffic Dybbuk Dybbuk
adipic a box yes that's exactly I can
sonamoo's II III know I know so excited
yet it was killed post Malone so you
guys I'm assuming you're gonna do a
review of the new Star Wars oh no oh
we're not probably not yeah it's of
course not Christmas
we're gonna go see it just because we
want to hate it yeah no I hope it's good
yeah I hope it's interesting that's the
thing less Jedi there's people that
legitimately talk about it as if it's
the worst movie ever made and it's like
it's got a lot of problems but it's
interesting at least I think I think
it's the worst Star Wars movie I really
do look at honestly I'm know not what
the prequels are now but the prequels
although that perception has changed a
lot now wrong know there are those
people that think that like the new
trilogy makes the prequels look better
by comparison that's not true it's also
a lot of like those kids that well
they're people they work every yeah when
they wouldn't came out so now they're
now they're old enough to write articles
and a few yeah I mean if you like them
you like them that's fine it's just
weird how so many people like take
personal offense so you not like you but
they're there they're both bad in their
own way that the the new religion and a
technical love they're good on a
technical level they're exciting the
actions well done they're not there's
not so many flat shots with people on
green screens and the Lucasfilm stuff
but they're in political dialogue very
well executed but it's just so like
comity ish in terms of like the stories
and like it doesn't seem like there's a
lot of cooks in that kitchen yeah and it
wasn't as a parent at first like you see
the Phantom Menace and you're like oh
yeah but you see the force awakens it's
like oh this is exciting and it feels
like Star Wars and then it's only kind
of as it goes on then it starts to you
start to see the bigger picture of
what's happening the last Jedi may have
mishandled the characters but unlike the
prequels I don't completely hate all of
the characters I hate I legitimately
hate every character all the characters
are so flat yeah yeah and they have some
really talented people your McGregor is
a really good actress for Natalie
Portman Oh straight thread there's a
great actor playing a wooden board getup
for Sam Sam Sam Jackson yeah all those
movies it's the writing in the
directions Samuel Jackson is a fucking amazing actor playing a wooden board
mm-hmm
oh yeah
Natalie Portman is a great actress playing a wooden board
yep
yeah
so bad in their own way
yeah
uh, here
I need to pee we should take a break anyway
yeah we've all you got about 15
minutes or so left all right
yeah cool commercial break badou Perdue
all right we're back all right we're
back all right all right
back of the zoo crew question for you
yes what's your favorite Star Trek show
and why ro the one with the whales
that's my favorite episode of Star Trek
oh yeah it was it's a movie I've seen
I've seen all the original crew movies
did you like him yeah I enjoyed him yeah
well I don't know I did enjoy the fifth
one I was gonna say not that one cuz
it's terrible but it's so terrible it's
fun yeah no I like the movies I've just
never watched much of the show I can
confirm that everyone else here likes
the Star Trek I do what is it what's
wrong what's wrong with you bro I don't
know is this cuz there's so much of it
yeah every time you guys talk about an
episode of like TNG or something I'm
like oh that's interesting that sounds
like a good idea for an episode and it's
not like I'm like, uh, fuck Star Trek
I just haven't gotten around a lot isn't
that well is just really really deep
yeah exactly it's a lot I mean that's
there's so many TV shows like that
mm-hmm where people are like you haven't
watched you know Breaking Bad it's like
it's like eight seasons or whatever it's
a lot with classic Trek it's easy to get
into though because it's all standalone
omits episod yeah we're just different
than TV now where it's just one story
you realize do yeah mm-hmm yeah one of
these days I'll save it for my golden
years I watch all seventy years old I
think about breeding cats in my toilet
years but Star Trek and we can't read
some cat some pure breeds gonna get it
so uh um so everyone else what's your
favorite episode what's your favorite
series how about that well TNG is
standard of Star Trek yeah I have to
agree with that yeah yeah mejor I am
particularly heart for Star Trek Voyager
would I know meets that interesting me
to actually like yeah like that's like
it's kind of schlocky popcorn kind of
good yeah
I can't watch Voyager without thinking
about all of the things I might have
done different the failed opportunity
yeah I know I know it could have been
more like the original series if they're
out on their own and they're exploring
like it could be more of a survivalist
kind of thing but also like strange new
worlds definitely should have been more
of a survivalist kind of thing that year
of hell think if they abandoned yeah
yeah like that would have been awesome
yes they actually did a whole season
where just everything was falling apart
yeah bigger arcs like that but an
interesting show
whether or not they can hang on to their
highfalutin Federation ideals mm-hmm
without the entire support network of
the actual Federation you do you still
go for peace and love when when you're
starving to death because your ship
doesn't have the right power exactly
many episodes dealing with that Wow it
kind of did a little bit early on and
then they just got rid of their not Star
Trek now here's the thing whenever
whatever Voyager tried to pull that shit
like oh we're running low on supply
that ship was so fucking beautiful clean and brightly lit that you never fucking believed it
yes
yes
and and a lot of that is production reasons
because there was an arc with when the the ship got
Borg technology on it yes kind of early
seven of nine episodes yeah yeah yeah so
you have this outside of the ship and
it's got all these Borg parts on it and
defences and you board lasers and and
then it's like okay this episode's
almost over start tearing all that stuff
I said but really because you have ten
different stock shots of the ship going
by and they're not gonna throw those in
the garbage and you know they have to
yeah so there's things like that but
that's why I like your pal
because it's a tunas year of hell for
the nine hundred thousand people who
don't know Europe al is approximately
one year in the Voyager timeline episode
it was the whole season that was
originally what the pitch was yeah and
they were gonna do and then they they
backed out and you say it's a two-part
what's the deal the dab from that 70s
show would smith from Robocop did you
have you not seen this no he has a
device that King he can alter history
throughout space and he doesn't affect
the ship so they still remember yes
there have lawyers protected because
they have some kind of quality or
something yeah
Fay's multiphasic shielding that uh no
chronic ronald phasic shield they have
time shields so he goes and he does
these calculations and he resets the
timeline like if this civilization died
off how would it affect everything else
yeah so it's like they're trying to
resurrect his wife wasn't he's basically
trying to find the timeline
where his wife didn't die so he has a
piece of her hair in this little
triangular glass case okay like mr.
freeze and and Zacchaeus
and so the Voyager encounters this like
really pathetic ship you know at first
and then they're like we're gonna fire
our rocket at you and then Katherine
Janie was like ha ha ha and then this
time wave comes by and and then it
alters the present that ship becomes
like a giant battleship
he's like, oh shit
o the whole time and then they're the one equation in the sky's big time puzzle that that doesn't change
and he's like blow them up below
he's messing with my calculations
yes
they're fucking with my calculations
because they they're not changing and my time changes
so he keeps just trying to blow them up for a year
and the whole ships just wrecked mmm by
the end of the year and then you know I
don't want to spoil it for everybody but
basically you hate the reset button
travel so yeah that should have been
that should have been like first few
seasons of the fucking show
exactly
exactly
look yeah because they were
hanging on by a thread people are dying
like yeah it's all those kind of things
look at that that's paralleled in the
the two-parter with the Nova class
science ship Equinox parts 1 & 2 good
job thank you I know see but yes the
equinox is a tiny tiny little science
vessel that also got thrown into the
Delta Quadrant and there's a crew of
like I don't 25 people it's a it started
with like 200 yes and then it really
just had a miserable time and they
compromise their values their value yes
they find space eels that have
superpowers in them that can shoot their
in make their engines shoot the ship
super fast and so they they capture the
space eels in like at first we really
don't want to do this but then we're
starving so Kathryn Janeway is judging
them never do that no well your whole
crews fucking starving you would
there's also a great episode where they get
trapped in a in like a like a space bubble
I know which one you're talking
I love this episode
where's the power is continually draining and they don't have
supply they get sucked down like all of
the ships that end up in this little
bubble of space kind of like steel and
pipe from each other because it's trying
to survive you're slowly losing power
bubble yes yes and so yeah they fall in
the little man max yeah
everybody attacks them they steal their ship right off the bat and then the Kathryn Janeway
tries to form an alliance with another ship
which is kind of a neat idea it's
like well she's trying to make her own
Federation in this bubble but the
interesting point was they need they
needed some components to make the ship
fly out of this thing and escape
and they got that one component from another race
mm-hmm
and they're like how'd you get this component
and he's like, well, I fucking killed the people
took it from home and she's like mmm I
don't think we can use it take it back
and everybody's like why yeah some guy
keep sneezing allergic to Star Trek but
it compromise their values the
Federation values of you know taking the
equipment that was stolen from somebody
I camera and so this Kathryn Janeway is
very very moral captain that is my
favorite Star Trek Voyager Lee story
welcome
we're in the bubble yeah there's a lot
of weird Voyager stories yeah and then
rich I think you didn't like the show
from the from the get-go because you
thought the Maquis assimilated into the
crew too quickly they have a problem
Voyager is so much potential and the
writers were afraid to tackle any of it
yeah we got it we got the style of this
this crew and half the crew are are
basically pirates rebel pirates and how
do we integrate them oh the next episode
they're all acting like they're all
wearing uniforms everything I think's
fine we're not gonna do anything
interesting with that story and this
sounds like a Rick Berman like decision
that's not the way we do track what we
do track is everybody gets along we have
this ship and it's it's got no
Federation supply lines it's out its own
and every episode is just like a normal
start like everything's fine yeah it was
a bad idea to start with that concept
because as the Maquis are essentially
terrorists yeah and and but really and
when they're in the Delta Quadrant
they have no Kardashians to kill like so
really why study we're going against
yeah why still try to be mark in Mikey
what's the point yeah why not just can
all work together and then but then why
have them be Maquis in the first place
doesn't make sense
well you
because you think oh there should be
conflict yeah like you internal conflict
and there just wasn't you know because
there's no internal conflict in Star
Trek the other thing that annoys me
about Voyager is they they don't write
Janeway consistently okay Kate Mulgrew
fantastic is fantastic good potential to
be an awesome captain but they they
didn't they didn't write her the same
way week to week one week she would be
like I'm gonna stick to my morals no
matter what we will make no compromises
even though half my crew is dead and and
the next week she would give Federation
technology to the board because they
wouldn't give them a bowl of spaghetti
yeah yeah forming an alliance with the
board was a little weird I mean there's
a lot of people complain that they kind
of almost ruined the Borg in Voyager
yeah overexposed ruining the Borg was
inevitable long as as a concept it's so
it's it's what it's too simple there are
great they're a great villain because
they're not they don't don't we look in
the three or four episodes we will
simulate you resistance is futile but
that's such a one-dimensional villain if
it's great for one story and then they
should have just gone away we should
have seen them again hmm
but you gotta keep bringing them back
and you can't just do that over and over
again so then they did stupid shit like
I got Queen Queen now because we need
someone for our characters to talk to
you that doesn't just constantly say
resistance is futile now they got a
queen it was the board Queen on the show
yeah she wasn't on next-gen but she was
on Voyager yeah she's in the movie she's
in first contact that was the first time
they no but it's a well it wasn't when
they first and then they then they
brought her back for like the end I
think so yeah yeah but the first Borg
Queen on this TV show looked a lot like
Alice Krige is really good cast but yeah
you could say oh they just have
different like designs for new Queens
for different scenarios well have they
never explained why you know they're
working constantly area yeah yeah the
Borg Queen died and first contact and
then there's just another one in the
Delta Quadrant I don't know where the
borer conceptually
sorry thing about the part which you
lose you're in developing your
individuality and you become a part of
the hive mind yeah yeah the idea of
there being a queen and now zombies
directing them sending charge nowhere
near is is interesting or or as
philosophically terrifying sure mm-hmm
so uh um Jake what did you think about
enterprise so there's nothing one with
Scott Bakula yeah yeah then that's my
favorite yeah I haven't seen that much
of it people tells me it gets a lot
better season three and four when Manny
Coto liked him over yeah it started
getting a lot better any code oh yeah
yeah the director of dr. giggles
I do believe yeah that's great yeah yeah
no no actually you started kind of
reeling it in a little bit and then yet
I think I just okay they gave up I think
the problem with enterprises the theme
song oh yeah I like the theme song from
from the start of the the movies like
the original cast movies we had like we
don't like a good 20 years of solid star
trekkin abuse when it's spoiled we got
spoiled it was stale at that point I
don't think just everyone needed a break
from it yeah yeah and and the whole idea
of the prequel idea of going back I
don't know they can't get away from that
now that why it was also cheaper like
production wise to build the sets and a
definite because the technology is like
yeah much more lo-fi so it's a cheaper
show to make so yeah that would make
sense a little bit but um notice we've
that soundtrack somebody put a cut
together of the opening theme or look
the opening like credits with perfect
strangers song it works so much better
yeah no it really works it really works
yeah yeah it's a little cheesy oh I
thought that was Rod Stewart singing
that but it's not we wish the Voyager
theme are the perfect stranger
does the enterprise theme have lyrics
yes yes oh I think I've heard this time
is finally here it's like a theme song
to fly your fly where it's like that's a
good show oh that deck so badly corny
Western song yeah yeah Rocket Man god
yeah enterprise yeah kind of standards
Star Trek versus first two seasons but
then then they go for the bigger story
arc yeah that's what it starts to morph
into long-form television the what is it
the the temporal war you take a cold war
well that was nothing still at least
opened up everything just really that
didn't make any freaking sense looking
at it they have a giant space laser that
cuts Florida in half yeah that's the
Xindi stories yes yeah I think that's
all season three I think so like that
yeah yeah should I check it out yeah
that's fun eventually they find uh they
do some Mirror Mirror Universe stuff
they steal the Defiant the one that the
job that disappeared oh yeah yes the
Tholian web defiant that vanished and
then they find it and they bring it into
the you know the enterprise era yes like
a supreme superior technology it gets a
little comic book kind of goofy and
there's some crazy story lines and
nobody's watching it at that point yeah
it's not too late to go back and watch
it I make it oh yeah that's the thing is
they already peeled off a little bit yes
yeah i-i've been going back and watching
enterprise it's nice simple stories the
first two seasons it's really nice after
watching like the nightmare of Star Trek
discovery oh my god I don't want to get
into that what you looking forward to
Picard guys J I don't trust the people
in charge I just don't
mmm I'd love to be excited but I think
what they kind of first kind of
announced it they kind of gave looked a
little bit of like oh they should be
older all right look the more I read
about it and the more I see like the
trailers we see the trailer and it's
like he's gotta assemble a team yeah
young action star yeah yeah they have a
newer trailer and they show
Riker and Troy hmm and they're like the
card goes that's what I know no no I'm
just saying he Picard goes and visits
them and they're like hugging and
everyone's hugging and smiling and like
don't hug anybody gonna be one game of
poker with them at the very very game
that's as much like yeah ever seven
after seven years he never socialized
with the crew once and he's hugging
people and smiling I would say he never
hugs Riker at the end when he he leaves
to go get his own captain yeah yeah he's
just like okay bye honor serving with
you sir sure shake shake his hand yeah
and even older Picard would probably be
even less likely to be nostalgic unless
he had Alzheimer's or something he's
retired he's not a captain anymore he
doesn't have to put up the strong fronts
emotional I don't they explore that
that'd be interesting yeah it may be I
mean remember when he went to Raisa for
his vacation captain's holiday episode
oh goodness
they just wanted to read his book and
there's like hitting on him and he's
like leave me alone I'm just reading my
book and they forced him to go on
vacation I think that was actually
Patrick Stewart requested that kind of
episode because he said I want I want
Picard to be a little more sex
let's go to a little adventure like on
the beach yeah it's like oh that was
yeah just the request is kind of cute
look what they did was like Oh God he
begrudgingly had an adventure with a
lady Vash Vash yes oh I'll go on this
adventure with you and smooch at the end
and we'll fall in love and fine and then
we'll never see you again or we'll see
you one more time like an again she
showed up on Deep Space nine I know I
know you know season 1 yeah mm-hmm it
was a cute the key was through Q on
there mm-hmm this world times sake you
know yet I like thank you stone Picard's
girl yeah I just swept her off her feet
um yeah I said well Wheaton whether or
not he was to be in the car and he was
like they haven't asked me in know it's
like I said would you do it again
absolutely yeah I'd like to see an older
older Wesley Crusher like you know I was
a traveler yeah that was when we last
saw him he was trying to save the colony
of Native Americans with the help of the
traveler and he's like yes Starfleet's
not for me I'm but then we see him at
Troy and writers wedding in his
Starfleet uniform on yes they forgot
because he actually said there was more
to that part and like yeah there's some
really you just see him in the
background at the table and that's it
kind of disappointed it that did they
extend the cut scenes they explained I
don't I didn't really go into it like
with him like Oh what was it like it was
like I think it was just like well we
went to a lot of other Trek I was
talking about a toy soldiers really it
took him about that movie okay talk a
little stand by me yeah here's other
work and Wesley quick yes yeah well but
might like cuz he was talking about like
I like what would you think what's the
crusher would be still with the traveler
and listen I said oh I think he totally
washed out of that traveler program he's
a guy's like I think he went back to
Starfleet and everything look at like a
little creepy just floating around the
university yes like he kind of turned
out like a Picard in tapestry little
turret thing where it's like he never
actually looked fulfilled his potential
kind of thing okay
that's that's Wesley Crusher tapestry
that's an episode yep yeah that's a nice
simple beautiful storytelling mm-hmm
beautiful so uh um is there any movies
you guys are looking forward to Brighton
that you that are on the docket that's
weird that you just said that I I
haven't felt that feeling of looking
forward to a movie I was like an alien
concept to me for like a millisecond
yeah like I just remembered like maybe
10 15 years ago I probably would have
looked forward to seeing a movie so
weird
I'll tell you what though I'm waiting
until the whole seasons done it's not a
movie obviously but I'm waiting for the
looking forward to the last season of
the good place okay oh yeah we're
talking about that again like tell me I
should watch it yeah yeah all right yeah
I've seen all three seasons haven't seen
the new season yeah good so I'm waiting
for to come out philosophy it's a really
good show sure there's a lot of quotes
by philosophers and stuff Chiti
he's got all that down pat he was a
that's who I'm referencing and the guy
who were mind he's in Michigan is the
actor isn't but oh well it is the actor
I mean I assume that's why you said it
cuz it was the CNSC actor yeah he just
doesn't have his glasses on yeah I
forget if I was calling him Gd cuz he
kind of looked like him or who's the
same person I can't remember I believe
it's the same actor yeah I see too much
stuff and I can't keep track of it all
yeah that's right yeah are you looking
forward to anything no what I was
looking forward to is the lighthouse
which I've now I've seen it's amazing oh
really okay keeps talking about the lighthouse
it's so fucking good
so that was I
yeah the first movie in a really long
time I was excited I mildly look forward
to Jo Joker like I was like oh the
trailer looked really good I was like
all right like I'm mildly look for sure
look at ya like I waited a week I didn't
go opening weekend again but that was
the last thing I could think of it's
like a bigger movie a bigger like wide
release movie that's more kind of slow
paced and character driven mmm encourage
more of that more and more of that
would mm-hmm I can be jazzed about the
lighthouse but I had to drive almost an
hour to go see it because it wasn't
played in any theaters around here geez
give it a wider release everybody like
that a wider release if you built it
they will come
I think that Joker helps solidify that I
know it has that connection to like DC
Comics or whatever it's a slower
character driven thing and people when
saw almost a billion dollars it worked
yeah
yeah I enjoyed it good well all right we
should we wrap up here we've got things
to drink and food to eat that's really
kind of fun stuff so uh but before we go
actually I just realized that I am named
Jo vest I got that I got like a spirit
box for rich I got you something rich oh
it's the smallest snow globe they had I
think at the LAX Airport subscribe it's
the audience it's it's a California
Republic flag snow globe to the bear
that's ash flown around you is it
insensitive joke too soon
so yeah I guess it's the smallest when
they had you guys want to plug anything
like you know whatever like your
Twitter's or patreon Zoar whatever that
kind of stuff rich ovens care of red
letter media rich we'll take checks yeah
so yeah now go to red leader Mediacom
you guys got a YouTube page on YouTube
behind find us on all those things
wherever wherever red letter media sold
right yes all right well I'm gonna do my
little thing yeah don't forget check out
bunny is calm and says we're hilarious
my twitter is a Incredible Hulk
the Instagram is at Coco mania and we
have voicemails at the end of the
episode so Colin it'll be it'll be great
if it's good and in short in and pithy
you can uh we might play it so the
number is eight four five three nine
three four six two nine that's eight
four five easy hooks because we know we
all know that easy he didn't really
exist so yeah thanks a bunch guys for
doing this do this again yeah not fun
if you're a few again beckoning I guess
you know what it's not worth it I've
been day in my couple other guys so suck
your own day yeah yeah this message is
first on DiPasquale can you please tell
Mack that he's a stupid fucking idiot
cool thanks man
hey Mack that's really mean that Sean
DiPasquale just said that - I can't
believe he would say such a thing I mean
if you need a shoulder to cry on or just
like a friend I'm here for you buddy
you know if you need to fire him and
just hire me instead listen I totally
support you whatever you need just you
just call on me
fuck you
hey Mack I'm calling again um I'll let
you know that I've been listening some
how we were on the beginning and I
definitely never miss an episode
it's just great I've been going to do
some like a rough patch I guess you
could say but I know that I'm looking
forward to here in the podcast really
cheers me up one thing I could look
forward to in some crappy point in my
life but just want to say thanks keep up
the good work
enjoy your work and I hope to hear from
sue and that again yeah don't forget to
suck some dick today
that was really cute ty Macaulay Culkin
I am painting my dining room
I'm catching up on bunny ears because
I've had my kids home all summer and it
should probably be listening to podcast
Bob Saget anyways I was thinking if you
do this and interaction episode it would
be hilarious if you just called my
sister-in-law like without her expecting
it so just be like Oh what call it call
it Kogan's calling you anyway she loved
her outfit with Devin so I she didn't
even know you had a podcast I'm sure we
listened to it to the Devin obviously
anyways yeah I love my life delicious
